variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/O3/Data Fields/AscDescMode
  volume:=:625
  Title:=:O3AscDescMode
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  Units:=:NoUnits
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/O3/Data Fields/Convergence
  volume:=:2451
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:O3Convergence
  Units:=:NoUnits
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/O3/Data Fields/L2gpPrecision
  volume:=:546404
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:O3Precision
  Units:=:vmr
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/O3/Data Fields/L2gpValue
  volume:=:642072
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:O3
  Units:=:vmr
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/O3/Data Fields/Quality
  volume:=:9263
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:O3Quality
  Units:=:NoUnits
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/O3/Data Fields/Status
  volume:=:592
  Title:=:O3Status
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Units:=:NoUnits
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/O3/Geolocation Fields/ChunkNumber
  volume:=:1870
  Units:=:NoUnits
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:ChunkNumber
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/O3/Geolocation Fields/Latitude
  volume:=:14209
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:Latitude
  Units:=:deg
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/O3/Geolocation Fields/LineOfSightAngle
  volume:=:12913
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:LineOfSightAngle
  Units:=:deg
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/O3/Geolocation Fields/LocalSolarTime
  volume:=:13968
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:LocalSolarTime
  Units:=:h
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/O3/Geolocation Fields/Longitude
  volume:=:14161
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:Longitude
  Units:=:deg
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/O3/Geolocation Fields/OrbitGeodeticAngle
  volume:=:5871
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:OrbitGeodeticAngle
  Units:=:deg
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/O3/Geolocation Fields/Pressure
  volume:=:220
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:Pressure
  Units:=:hPa
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:Aura-Shared
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/O3/Geolocation Fields/SolarZenithAngle
  volume:=:14098
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:SolarZenithAngle
  Units:=:deg
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/O3/Geolocation Fields/Time
  volume:=:18888
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:Time
  Units:=:s
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:Aura-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/O3/nLevels
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:nLevels
  REFERENCE_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/O3/nTimes
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:nTimes
  REFERENCE_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/O3/nTimesTotal
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:nTimesTotal
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/O3 column/Data Fields/AscDescMode
  volume:=:625
  Title:=:O3 columnAscDescMode
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  Units:=:NoUnits
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/O3 column/Data Fields/Convergence
  volume:=:456
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:O3 columnConvergence
  Units:=:NoUnits
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/O3 column/Data Fields/L2gpPrecision
  volume:=:13760
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:O3 columnPrecision
  Units:=:DU
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/O3 column/Data Fields/L2gpValue
  volume:=:13407
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:O3 column
  Units:=:DU
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/O3 column/Data Fields/Quality
  volume:=:456
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:O3 columnQuality
  Units:=:NoUnits
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/O3 column/Data Fields/Status
  volume:=:455
  Units:=:NoUnits
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:O3 columnStatus
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/O3 column/Geolocation Fields/ChunkNumber
  volume:=:1870
  Units:=:NoUnits
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:ChunkNumber
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/O3 column/Geolocation Fields/Latitude
  volume:=:14209
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:Latitude
  Units:=:deg
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/O3 column/Geolocation Fields/LineOfSightAngle
  volume:=:12913
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:LineOfSightAngle
  Units:=:deg
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/O3 column/Geolocation Fields/LocalSolarTime
  volume:=:13968
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:LocalSolarTime
  Units:=:h
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/O3 column/Geolocation Fields/Longitude
  volume:=:14161
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:Longitude
  Units:=:deg
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/O3 column/Geolocation Fields/OrbitGeodeticAngle
  volume:=:5871
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:OrbitGeodeticAngle
  Units:=:deg
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/O3 column/Geolocation Fields/SolarZenithAngle
  volume:=:14098
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:SolarZenithAngle
  Units:=:deg
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/O3 column/Geolocation Fields/Time
  volume:=:18888
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:Time
  Units:=:s
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:Aura-Shared
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/O3 column/nTimes
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:nTimes
  REFERENCE_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/O3 column/nTimesTotal
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:nTimesTotal
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/O3-APriori/Data Fields/AscDescMode
  volume:=:612
  Title:=:O3-APrioriAscDescMode
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  Units:=:NoUnits
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/O3-APriori/Data Fields/Convergence
  volume:=:427
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:O3-APrioriConvergence
  Units:=:NoUnits
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/O3-APriori/Data Fields/L2gpPrecision
  volume:=:9659
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:O3-APrioriPrecision
  Units:=:vmr
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/O3-APriori/Data Fields/L2gpValue
  volume:=:629834
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:O3-APriori
  Units:=:vmr
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/O3-APriori/Data Fields/Quality
  volume:=:427
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:O3-APrioriQuality
  Units:=:NoUnits
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/O3-APriori/Data Fields/Status
  volume:=:426
  Units:=:NoUnits
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:O3-APrioriStatus
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/O3-APriori/Geolocation Fields/ChunkNumber
  volume:=:1852
  Units:=:NoUnits
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:ChunkNumber
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/O3-APriori/Geolocation Fields/Latitude
  volume:=:14322
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:Latitude
  Units:=:deg
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/O3-APriori/Geolocation Fields/LineOfSightAngle
  volume:=:13008
  _FillValue:=:
  Units:=:deg
  Title:=:LineOfSightAngle
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/O3-APriori/Geolocation Fields/LocalSolarTime
  volume:=:14074
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:LocalSolarTime
  Units:=:h
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/O3-APriori/Geolocation Fields/Longitude
  volume:=:14268
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:Longitude
  Units:=:deg
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/O3-APriori/Geolocation Fields/OrbitGeodeticAngle
  volume:=:5868
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:OrbitGeodeticAngle
  Units:=:deg
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/O3-APriori/Geolocation Fields/Pressure
  volume:=:220
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:Pressure
  Units:=:hPa
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:Aura-Shared
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/O3-APriori/Geolocation Fields/SolarZenithAngle
  volume:=:14213
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:SolarZenithAngle
  Units:=:deg
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/O3-APriori/Geolocation Fields/Time
  volume:=:19031
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:Time
  Units:=:s
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:Aura-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/O3-APriori/nLevels
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:nLevels
  REFERENCE_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/O3-APriori/nTimes
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:nTimes
  REFERENCE_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/O3-APriori/nTimesTotal
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:nTimesTotal
variable:=:/HDFEOS INFORMATION/StructMetadata.0
  volume:=:32000
variable:=:/HDFEOS INFORMATION/coremetadata.0
  volume:=:65535
variable:=:/HDFEOS INFORMATION/xmlmetadata
  volume:=:65535
