variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/BaselineMAFDACS23-CorePlusR2/Data Fields/Convergence
  volume:=:427
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:BaselineMAFDACS23-CorePlusR2Convergence
  Units:=:NoUnits
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/BaselineMAFDACS23-CorePlusR2/Data Fields/L2gpPrecision
  volume:=:13697
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:BaselineMAFDACS23-CorePlusR2Precision
  Units:=:vmr
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/BaselineMAFDACS23-CorePlusR2/Data Fields/L2gpValue
  volume:=:14332
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:BaselineMAFDACS23-CorePlusR2
  Units:=:vmr
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/BaselineMAFDACS23-CorePlusR2/Data Fields/Quality
  volume:=:427
  Units:=:NoUnits
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:BaselineMAFDACS23-CorePlusR2Quality
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/BaselineMAFDACS23-CorePlusR2/Data Fields/Status
  volume:=:426
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:BaselineMAFDACS23-CorePlusR2Status
  Units:=:NoUnits
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/BaselineMAFDACS23-CorePlusR2/Geolocation Fields/ChunkNumber
  volume:=:1852
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:ChunkNumber
  Units:=:NoUnits
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/BaselineMAFDACS23-CorePlusR2/Geolocation Fields/Frequency
  volume:=:4
  _FillValue:=:
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  Title:=:Frequency
  Units:=:GHz
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/BaselineMAFDACS23-CorePlusR2/Geolocation Fields/Latitude
  volume:=:14322
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
  Title:=:Latitude
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/BaselineMAFDACS23-CorePlusR2/Geolocation Fields/LineOfSightAngle
  volume:=:13010
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:LineOfSightAngle
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/BaselineMAFDACS23-CorePlusR2/Geolocation Fields/LocalSolarTime
  volume:=:14074
  Units:=:h
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:LocalSolarTime
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/BaselineMAFDACS23-CorePlusR2/Geolocation Fields/Longitude
  volume:=:14269
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:Longitude
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/BaselineMAFDACS23-CorePlusR2/Geolocation Fields/OrbitGeodeticAngle
  volume:=:5868
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:OrbitGeodeticAngle
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/BaselineMAFDACS23-CorePlusR2/Geolocation Fields/Pressure
  volume:=:4
  _FillValue:=:
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  Title:=:Pressure
  Units:=:hPa
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:Aura-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/BaselineMAFDACS23-CorePlusR2/Geolocation Fields/SolarZenithAngle
  volume:=:14213
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:SolarZenithAngle
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/BaselineMAFDACS23-CorePlusR2/Geolocation Fields/Time
  volume:=:19031
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:Time
  Units:=:s
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:Aura-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/BaselineMAFDACS23-CorePlusR2/nFreqs
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
  REFERENCE_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/BaselineMAFDACS23-CorePlusR2/nLevels
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
  REFERENCE_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/BaselineMAFDACS23-CorePlusR2/nTimes
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
  REFERENCE_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/BaselineMAFDACS23-CorePlusR2/nTimesTotal
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/BaselineMAFDACS23-InitR2/Data Fields/Convergence
  volume:=:427
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:BaselineMAFDACS23-InitR2Convergence
  Units:=:NoUnits
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/BaselineMAFDACS23-InitR2/Data Fields/L2gpPrecision
  volume:=:13677
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:BaselineMAFDACS23-InitR2Precision
  Units:=:vmr
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/BaselineMAFDACS23-InitR2/Data Fields/L2gpValue
  volume:=:14332
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:BaselineMAFDACS23-InitR2
  Units:=:vmr
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/BaselineMAFDACS23-InitR2/Data Fields/Quality
  volume:=:427
  Units:=:NoUnits
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:BaselineMAFDACS23-InitR2Quality
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/BaselineMAFDACS23-InitR2/Data Fields/Status
  volume:=:426
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:BaselineMAFDACS23-InitR2Status
  Units:=:NoUnits
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/BaselineMAFDACS23-InitR2/Geolocation Fields/ChunkNumber
  volume:=:1852
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:ChunkNumber
  Units:=:NoUnits
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/BaselineMAFDACS23-InitR2/Geolocation Fields/Frequency
  volume:=:4
  _FillValue:=:
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  Title:=:Frequency
  Units:=:GHz
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/BaselineMAFDACS23-InitR2/Geolocation Fields/Latitude
  volume:=:14322
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
  Title:=:Latitude
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/BaselineMAFDACS23-InitR2/Geolocation Fields/LineOfSightAngle
  volume:=:13010
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:LineOfSightAngle
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  Units:=:deg
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/BaselineMAFDACS23-InitR2/Geolocation Fields/LocalSolarTime
  volume:=:14074
  Units:=:h
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:LocalSolarTime
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/BaselineMAFDACS23-InitR2/Geolocation Fields/Longitude
  volume:=:14269
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:Longitude
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/BaselineMAFDACS23-InitR2/Geolocation Fields/OrbitGeodeticAngle
  volume:=:5868
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:OrbitGeodeticAngle
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/BaselineMAFDACS23-InitR2/Geolocation Fields/Pressure
  volume:=:4
  _FillValue:=:
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  Title:=:Pressure
  Units:=:hPa
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:Aura-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/BaselineMAFDACS23-InitR2/Geolocation Fields/SolarZenithAngle
  volume:=:14213
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:SolarZenithAngle
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/BaselineMAFDACS23-InitR2/Geolocation Fields/Time
  volume:=:19031
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:Time
  Units:=:s
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:Aura-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/BaselineMAFDACS23-InitR2/nFreqs
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
  REFERENCE_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/BaselineMAFDACS23-InitR2/nLevels
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
  REFERENCE_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/BaselineMAFDACS23-InitR2/nTimes
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
  REFERENCE_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/BaselineMAFDACS23-InitR2/nTimesTotal
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/BaselineMAFDACS24-CorePlusR3/Data Fields/Convergence
  volume:=:427
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:BaselineMAFDACS24-CorePlusR3Convergence
  Units:=:NoUnits
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/BaselineMAFDACS24-CorePlusR3/Data Fields/L2gpPrecision
  volume:=:13422
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:BaselineMAFDACS24-CorePlusR3Precision
  Units:=:vmr
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/BaselineMAFDACS24-CorePlusR3/Data Fields/L2gpValue
  volume:=:14332
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:BaselineMAFDACS24-CorePlusR3
  Units:=:vmr
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/BaselineMAFDACS24-CorePlusR3/Data Fields/Quality
  volume:=:427
  Units:=:NoUnits
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:BaselineMAFDACS24-CorePlusR3Quality
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/BaselineMAFDACS24-CorePlusR3/Data Fields/Status
  volume:=:426
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:BaselineMAFDACS24-CorePlusR3Status
  Units:=:NoUnits
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/BaselineMAFDACS24-CorePlusR3/Geolocation Fields/ChunkNumber
  volume:=:1852
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:ChunkNumber
  Units:=:NoUnits
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/BaselineMAFDACS24-CorePlusR3/Geolocation Fields/Frequency
  volume:=:4
  _FillValue:=:
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  Title:=:Frequency
  Units:=:GHz
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/BaselineMAFDACS24-CorePlusR3/Geolocation Fields/Latitude
  volume:=:14322
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
  Title:=:Latitude
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/BaselineMAFDACS24-CorePlusR3/Geolocation Fields/LineOfSightAngle
  volume:=:13010
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:LineOfSightAngle
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  Units:=:deg
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/BaselineMAFDACS24-CorePlusR3/Geolocation Fields/LocalSolarTime
  volume:=:14074
  Units:=:h
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:LocalSolarTime
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/BaselineMAFDACS24-CorePlusR3/Geolocation Fields/Longitude
  volume:=:14269
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:Longitude
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/BaselineMAFDACS24-CorePlusR3/Geolocation Fields/OrbitGeodeticAngle
  volume:=:5868
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:OrbitGeodeticAngle
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/BaselineMAFDACS24-CorePlusR3/Geolocation Fields/Pressure
  volume:=:4
  _FillValue:=:
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  Title:=:Pressure
  Units:=:hPa
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:Aura-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/BaselineMAFDACS24-CorePlusR3/Geolocation Fields/SolarZenithAngle
  volume:=:14213
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:SolarZenithAngle
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/BaselineMAFDACS24-CorePlusR3/Geolocation Fields/Time
  volume:=:19031
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:Time
  Units:=:s
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:Aura-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/BaselineMAFDACS24-CorePlusR3/nFreqs
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
  REFERENCE_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/BaselineMAFDACS24-CorePlusR3/nLevels
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
  REFERENCE_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/BaselineMAFDACS24-CorePlusR3/nTimes
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
  REFERENCE_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/BaselineMAFDACS24-CorePlusR3/nTimesTotal
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/BaselineMAFDACS25-CorePlusR3/Data Fields/Convergence
  volume:=:427
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:BaselineMAFDACS25-CorePlusR3Convergence
  Units:=:NoUnits
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/BaselineMAFDACS25-CorePlusR3/Data Fields/L2gpPrecision
  volume:=:13649
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:BaselineMAFDACS25-CorePlusR3Precision
  Units:=:vmr
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/BaselineMAFDACS25-CorePlusR3/Data Fields/L2gpValue
  volume:=:14332
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:BaselineMAFDACS25-CorePlusR3
  Units:=:vmr
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/BaselineMAFDACS25-CorePlusR3/Data Fields/Quality
  volume:=:427
  Units:=:NoUnits
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:BaselineMAFDACS25-CorePlusR3Quality
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/BaselineMAFDACS25-CorePlusR3/Data Fields/Status
  volume:=:426
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:BaselineMAFDACS25-CorePlusR3Status
  Units:=:NoUnits
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/BaselineMAFDACS25-CorePlusR3/Geolocation Fields/ChunkNumber
  volume:=:1852
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:ChunkNumber
  Units:=:NoUnits
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/BaselineMAFDACS25-CorePlusR3/Geolocation Fields/Frequency
  volume:=:4
  _FillValue:=:
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  Title:=:Frequency
  Units:=:GHz
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/BaselineMAFDACS25-CorePlusR3/Geolocation Fields/Latitude
  volume:=:14322
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
  Title:=:Latitude
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/BaselineMAFDACS25-CorePlusR3/Geolocation Fields/LineOfSightAngle
  volume:=:13010
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:LineOfSightAngle
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/BaselineMAFDACS25-CorePlusR3/Geolocation Fields/LocalSolarTime
  volume:=:14074
  Units:=:h
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:LocalSolarTime
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/BaselineMAFDACS25-CorePlusR3/Geolocation Fields/Longitude
  volume:=:14269
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:Longitude
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/BaselineMAFDACS25-CorePlusR3/Geolocation Fields/OrbitGeodeticAngle
  volume:=:5868
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:OrbitGeodeticAngle
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/BaselineMAFDACS25-CorePlusR3/Geolocation Fields/Pressure
  volume:=:4
  _FillValue:=:
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  Title:=:Pressure
  Units:=:hPa
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:Aura-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/BaselineMAFDACS25-CorePlusR3/Geolocation Fields/SolarZenithAngle
  volume:=:14213
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:SolarZenithAngle
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/BaselineMAFDACS25-CorePlusR3/Geolocation Fields/Time
  volume:=:19031
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:Time
  Units:=:s
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:Aura-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/BaselineMAFDACS25-CorePlusR3/nFreqs
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
  REFERENCE_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/BaselineMAFDACS25-CorePlusR3/nLevels
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
  REFERENCE_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/BaselineMAFDACS25-CorePlusR3/nTimes
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
  REFERENCE_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/BaselineMAFDACS25-CorePlusR3/nTimesTotal
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/BaselineMAFMB27-CorePlusR2/Data Fields/Convergence
  volume:=:427
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:BaselineMAFMB27-CorePlusR2Convergence
  Units:=:NoUnits
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/BaselineMAFMB27-CorePlusR2/Data Fields/L2gpPrecision
  volume:=:13582
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:BaselineMAFMB27-CorePlusR2Precision
  Units:=:vmr
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/BaselineMAFMB27-CorePlusR2/Data Fields/L2gpValue
  volume:=:14331
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:BaselineMAFMB27-CorePlusR2
  Units:=:vmr
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/BaselineMAFMB27-CorePlusR2/Data Fields/Quality
  volume:=:427
  Units:=:NoUnits
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:BaselineMAFMB27-CorePlusR2Quality
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/BaselineMAFMB27-CorePlusR2/Data Fields/Status
  volume:=:426
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:BaselineMAFMB27-CorePlusR2Status
  Units:=:NoUnits
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/BaselineMAFMB27-CorePlusR2/Geolocation Fields/ChunkNumber
  volume:=:1852
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:ChunkNumber
  Units:=:NoUnits
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/BaselineMAFMB27-CorePlusR2/Geolocation Fields/Frequency
  volume:=:4
  _FillValue:=:
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  Title:=:Frequency
  Units:=:GHz
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/BaselineMAFMB27-CorePlusR2/Geolocation Fields/Latitude
  volume:=:14322
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
  Title:=:Latitude
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/BaselineMAFMB27-CorePlusR2/Geolocation Fields/LineOfSightAngle
  volume:=:13010
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:LineOfSightAngle
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  Units:=:deg
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/BaselineMAFMB27-CorePlusR2/Geolocation Fields/LocalSolarTime
  volume:=:14074
  Units:=:h
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:LocalSolarTime
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/BaselineMAFMB27-CorePlusR2/Geolocation Fields/Longitude
  volume:=:14269
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:Longitude
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/BaselineMAFMB27-CorePlusR2/Geolocation Fields/OrbitGeodeticAngle
  volume:=:5868
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:OrbitGeodeticAngle
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/BaselineMAFMB27-CorePlusR2/Geolocation Fields/Pressure
  volume:=:4
  _FillValue:=:
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  Title:=:Pressure
  Units:=:hPa
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:Aura-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/BaselineMAFMB27-CorePlusR2/Geolocation Fields/SolarZenithAngle
  volume:=:14213
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:SolarZenithAngle
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/BaselineMAFMB27-CorePlusR2/Geolocation Fields/Time
  volume:=:19031
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:Time
  Units:=:s
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:Aura-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/BaselineMAFMB27-CorePlusR2/nFreqs
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
  REFERENCE_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/BaselineMAFMB27-CorePlusR2/nLevels
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
  REFERENCE_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/BaselineMAFMB27-CorePlusR2/nTimes
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
  REFERENCE_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/BaselineMAFMB27-CorePlusR2/nTimesTotal
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/BaselineMAFMB27-InitR2/Data Fields/Convergence
  volume:=:427
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:BaselineMAFMB27-InitR2Convergence
  Units:=:NoUnits
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/BaselineMAFMB27-InitR2/Data Fields/L2gpPrecision
  volume:=:13574
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:BaselineMAFMB27-InitR2Precision
  Units:=:vmr
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/BaselineMAFMB27-InitR2/Data Fields/L2gpValue
  volume:=:14331
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:BaselineMAFMB27-InitR2
  Units:=:vmr
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/BaselineMAFMB27-InitR2/Data Fields/Quality
  volume:=:427
  Units:=:NoUnits
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:BaselineMAFMB27-InitR2Quality
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/BaselineMAFMB27-InitR2/Data Fields/Status
  volume:=:426
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:BaselineMAFMB27-InitR2Status
  Units:=:NoUnits
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/BaselineMAFMB27-InitR2/Geolocation Fields/ChunkNumber
  volume:=:1852
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:ChunkNumber
  Units:=:NoUnits
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/BaselineMAFMB27-InitR2/Geolocation Fields/Frequency
  volume:=:4
  _FillValue:=:
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  Title:=:Frequency
  Units:=:GHz
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/BaselineMAFMB27-InitR2/Geolocation Fields/Latitude
  volume:=:14322
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
  Title:=:Latitude
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/BaselineMAFMB27-InitR2/Geolocation Fields/LineOfSightAngle
  volume:=:13010
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:LineOfSightAngle
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  Units:=:deg
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/BaselineMAFMB27-InitR2/Geolocation Fields/LocalSolarTime
  volume:=:14074
  Units:=:h
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:LocalSolarTime
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/BaselineMAFMB27-InitR2/Geolocation Fields/Longitude
  volume:=:14269
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:Longitude
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/BaselineMAFMB27-InitR2/Geolocation Fields/OrbitGeodeticAngle
  volume:=:5868
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:OrbitGeodeticAngle
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/BaselineMAFMB27-InitR2/Geolocation Fields/Pressure
  volume:=:4
  _FillValue:=:
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  Title:=:Pressure
  Units:=:hPa
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:Aura-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/BaselineMAFMB27-InitR2/Geolocation Fields/SolarZenithAngle
  volume:=:14213
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:SolarZenithAngle
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/BaselineMAFMB27-InitR2/Geolocation Fields/Time
  volume:=:19031
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:Time
  Units:=:s
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:Aura-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/BaselineMAFMB27-InitR2/nFreqs
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
  REFERENCE_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/BaselineMAFMB27-InitR2/nLevels
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
  REFERENCE_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/BaselineMAFMB27-InitR2/nTimes
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
  REFERENCE_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/BaselineMAFMB27-InitR2/nTimesTotal
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/BaselineMAFMB28-CorePlusR4AB14/Data Fields/Convergence
  volume:=:427
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:BaselineMAFMB28-CorePlusR4AB14Convergence
  Units:=:NoUnits
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/BaselineMAFMB28-CorePlusR4AB14/Data Fields/L2gpPrecision
  volume:=:13686
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:BaselineMAFMB28-CorePlusR4AB14Precision
  Units:=:vmr
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/BaselineMAFMB28-CorePlusR4AB14/Data Fields/L2gpValue
  volume:=:14316
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:BaselineMAFMB28-CorePlusR4AB14
  Units:=:vmr
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/BaselineMAFMB28-CorePlusR4AB14/Data Fields/Quality
  volume:=:427
  Units:=:NoUnits
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:BaselineMAFMB28-CorePlusR4AB14Quality
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/BaselineMAFMB28-CorePlusR4AB14/Data Fields/Status
  volume:=:426
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:BaselineMAFMB28-CorePlusR4AB14Status
  Units:=:NoUnits
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/BaselineMAFMB28-CorePlusR4AB14/Geolocation Fields/ChunkNumber
  volume:=:1852
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:ChunkNumber
  Units:=:NoUnits
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/BaselineMAFMB28-CorePlusR4AB14/Geolocation Fields/Frequency
  volume:=:4
  _FillValue:=:
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  Title:=:Frequency
  Units:=:GHz
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/BaselineMAFMB28-CorePlusR4AB14/Geolocation Fields/Latitude
  volume:=:14322
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
  Title:=:Latitude
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/BaselineMAFMB28-CorePlusR4AB14/Geolocation Fields/LineOfSightAngle
  volume:=:13010
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:LineOfSightAngle
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  Units:=:deg
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/BaselineMAFMB28-CorePlusR4AB14/Geolocation Fields/LocalSolarTime
  volume:=:14074
  Units:=:h
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:LocalSolarTime
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/BaselineMAFMB28-CorePlusR4AB14/Geolocation Fields/Longitude
  volume:=:14269
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:Longitude
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/BaselineMAFMB28-CorePlusR4AB14/Geolocation Fields/OrbitGeodeticAngle
  volume:=:5868
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:OrbitGeodeticAngle
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/BaselineMAFMB28-CorePlusR4AB14/Geolocation Fields/Pressure
  volume:=:4
  _FillValue:=:
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  Title:=:Pressure
  Units:=:hPa
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:Aura-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/BaselineMAFMB28-CorePlusR4AB14/Geolocation Fields/SolarZenithAngle
  volume:=:14213
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:SolarZenithAngle
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/BaselineMAFMB28-CorePlusR4AB14/Geolocation Fields/Time
  volume:=:19031
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:Time
  Units:=:s
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:Aura-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/BaselineMAFMB28-CorePlusR4AB14/nFreqs
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
  REFERENCE_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/BaselineMAFMB28-CorePlusR4AB14/nLevels
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
  REFERENCE_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/BaselineMAFMB28-CorePlusR4AB14/nTimes
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
  REFERENCE_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/BaselineMAFMB28-CorePlusR4AB14/nTimesTotal
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/BaselineMAFMB29-CorePlusR4AB14/Data Fields/Convergence
  volume:=:427
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:BaselineMAFMB29-CorePlusR4AB14Convergence
  Units:=:NoUnits
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/BaselineMAFMB29-CorePlusR4AB14/Data Fields/L2gpPrecision
  volume:=:13464
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:BaselineMAFMB29-CorePlusR4AB14Precision
  Units:=:vmr
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/BaselineMAFMB29-CorePlusR4AB14/Data Fields/L2gpValue
  volume:=:14318
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:BaselineMAFMB29-CorePlusR4AB14
  Units:=:vmr
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/BaselineMAFMB29-CorePlusR4AB14/Data Fields/Quality
  volume:=:427
  Units:=:NoUnits
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:BaselineMAFMB29-CorePlusR4AB14Quality
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/BaselineMAFMB29-CorePlusR4AB14/Data Fields/Status
  volume:=:426
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:BaselineMAFMB29-CorePlusR4AB14Status
  Units:=:NoUnits
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/BaselineMAFMB29-CorePlusR4AB14/Geolocation Fields/ChunkNumber
  volume:=:1852
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:ChunkNumber
  Units:=:NoUnits
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/BaselineMAFMB29-CorePlusR4AB14/Geolocation Fields/Frequency
  volume:=:4
  _FillValue:=:
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  Title:=:Frequency
  Units:=:GHz
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/BaselineMAFMB29-CorePlusR4AB14/Geolocation Fields/Latitude
  volume:=:14322
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
  Title:=:Latitude
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/BaselineMAFMB29-CorePlusR4AB14/Geolocation Fields/LineOfSightAngle
  volume:=:13010
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:LineOfSightAngle
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  Units:=:deg
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/BaselineMAFMB29-CorePlusR4AB14/Geolocation Fields/LocalSolarTime
  volume:=:14074
  Units:=:h
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:LocalSolarTime
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/BaselineMAFMB29-CorePlusR4AB14/Geolocation Fields/Longitude
  volume:=:14269
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:Longitude
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/BaselineMAFMB29-CorePlusR4AB14/Geolocation Fields/OrbitGeodeticAngle
  volume:=:5868
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:OrbitGeodeticAngle
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/BaselineMAFMB29-CorePlusR4AB14/Geolocation Fields/Pressure
  volume:=:4
  _FillValue:=:
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  Title:=:Pressure
  Units:=:hPa
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:Aura-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/BaselineMAFMB29-CorePlusR4AB14/Geolocation Fields/SolarZenithAngle
  volume:=:14213
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:SolarZenithAngle
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/BaselineMAFMB29-CorePlusR4AB14/Geolocation Fields/Time
  volume:=:19031
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:Time
  Units:=:s
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:Aura-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/BaselineMAFMB29-CorePlusR4AB14/nFreqs
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
  REFERENCE_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/BaselineMAFMB29-CorePlusR4AB14/nLevels
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
  REFERENCE_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/BaselineMAFMB29-CorePlusR4AB14/nTimes
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
  REFERENCE_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/BaselineMAFMB29-CorePlusR4AB14/nTimesTotal
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/BaselineMAFMB30-CorePlusR4AB14/Data Fields/Convergence
  volume:=:427
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:BaselineMAFMB30-CorePlusR4AB14Convergence
  Units:=:NoUnits
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/BaselineMAFMB30-CorePlusR4AB14/Data Fields/L2gpPrecision
  volume:=:13768
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:BaselineMAFMB30-CorePlusR4AB14Precision
  Units:=:vmr
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/BaselineMAFMB30-CorePlusR4AB14/Data Fields/L2gpValue
  volume:=:14310
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:BaselineMAFMB30-CorePlusR4AB14
  Units:=:vmr
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/BaselineMAFMB30-CorePlusR4AB14/Data Fields/Quality
  volume:=:427
  Units:=:NoUnits
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:BaselineMAFMB30-CorePlusR4AB14Quality
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/BaselineMAFMB30-CorePlusR4AB14/Data Fields/Status
  volume:=:426
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:BaselineMAFMB30-CorePlusR4AB14Status
  Units:=:NoUnits
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/BaselineMAFMB30-CorePlusR4AB14/Geolocation Fields/ChunkNumber
  volume:=:1852
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:ChunkNumber
  Units:=:NoUnits
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/BaselineMAFMB30-CorePlusR4AB14/Geolocation Fields/Frequency
  volume:=:4
  _FillValue:=:
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  Title:=:Frequency
  Units:=:GHz
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/BaselineMAFMB30-CorePlusR4AB14/Geolocation Fields/Latitude
  volume:=:14322
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
  Title:=:Latitude
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/BaselineMAFMB30-CorePlusR4AB14/Geolocation Fields/LineOfSightAngle
  volume:=:13010
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:LineOfSightAngle
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  Units:=:deg
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/BaselineMAFMB30-CorePlusR4AB14/Geolocation Fields/LocalSolarTime
  volume:=:14074
  Units:=:h
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:LocalSolarTime
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/BaselineMAFMB30-CorePlusR4AB14/Geolocation Fields/Longitude
  volume:=:14269
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:Longitude
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/BaselineMAFMB30-CorePlusR4AB14/Geolocation Fields/OrbitGeodeticAngle
  volume:=:5868
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:OrbitGeodeticAngle
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/BaselineMAFMB30-CorePlusR4AB14/Geolocation Fields/Pressure
  volume:=:4
  _FillValue:=:
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  Title:=:Pressure
  Units:=:hPa
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:Aura-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/BaselineMAFMB30-CorePlusR4AB14/Geolocation Fields/SolarZenithAngle
  volume:=:14213
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:SolarZenithAngle
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/BaselineMAFMB30-CorePlusR4AB14/Geolocation Fields/Time
  volume:=:19031
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:Time
  Units:=:s
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:Aura-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/BaselineMAFMB30-CorePlusR4AB14/nFreqs
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
  REFERENCE_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/BaselineMAFMB30-CorePlusR4AB14/nLevels
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
  REFERENCE_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/BaselineMAFMB30-CorePlusR4AB14/nTimes
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
  REFERENCE_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/BaselineMAFMB30-CorePlusR4AB14/nTimesTotal
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/BaselineMAFMB31-CorePlusR4AB14/Data Fields/Convergence
  volume:=:427
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:BaselineMAFMB31-CorePlusR4AB14Convergence
  Units:=:NoUnits
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/BaselineMAFMB31-CorePlusR4AB14/Data Fields/L2gpPrecision
  volume:=:13575
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:BaselineMAFMB31-CorePlusR4AB14Precision
  Units:=:vmr
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/BaselineMAFMB31-CorePlusR4AB14/Data Fields/L2gpValue
  volume:=:14315
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:BaselineMAFMB31-CorePlusR4AB14
  Units:=:vmr
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/BaselineMAFMB31-CorePlusR4AB14/Data Fields/Quality
  volume:=:427
  Units:=:NoUnits
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:BaselineMAFMB31-CorePlusR4AB14Quality
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/BaselineMAFMB31-CorePlusR4AB14/Data Fields/Status
  volume:=:426
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:BaselineMAFMB31-CorePlusR4AB14Status
  Units:=:NoUnits
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/BaselineMAFMB31-CorePlusR4AB14/Geolocation Fields/ChunkNumber
  volume:=:1852
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:ChunkNumber
  Units:=:NoUnits
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/BaselineMAFMB31-CorePlusR4AB14/Geolocation Fields/Frequency
  volume:=:4
  _FillValue:=:
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  Title:=:Frequency
  Units:=:GHz
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/BaselineMAFMB31-CorePlusR4AB14/Geolocation Fields/Latitude
  volume:=:14322
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
  Title:=:Latitude
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/BaselineMAFMB31-CorePlusR4AB14/Geolocation Fields/LineOfSightAngle
  volume:=:13010
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:LineOfSightAngle
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/BaselineMAFMB31-CorePlusR4AB14/Geolocation Fields/LocalSolarTime
  volume:=:14074
  Units:=:h
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:LocalSolarTime
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/BaselineMAFMB31-CorePlusR4AB14/Geolocation Fields/Longitude
  volume:=:14269
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:Longitude
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/BaselineMAFMB31-CorePlusR4AB14/Geolocation Fields/OrbitGeodeticAngle
  volume:=:5868
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:OrbitGeodeticAngle
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/BaselineMAFMB31-CorePlusR4AB14/Geolocation Fields/Pressure
  volume:=:4
  _FillValue:=:
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  Title:=:Pressure
  Units:=:hPa
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:Aura-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/BaselineMAFMB31-CorePlusR4AB14/Geolocation Fields/SolarZenithAngle
  volume:=:14213
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:SolarZenithAngle
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/BaselineMAFMB31-CorePlusR4AB14/Geolocation Fields/Time
  volume:=:19031
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:Time
  Units:=:s
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:Aura-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/BaselineMAFMB31-CorePlusR4AB14/nFreqs
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
  REFERENCE_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/BaselineMAFMB31-CorePlusR4AB14/nLevels
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
  REFERENCE_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/BaselineMAFMB31-CorePlusR4AB14/nTimes
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
  REFERENCE_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/BaselineMAFMB31-CorePlusR4AB14/nTimesTotal
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/BaselineMAFR1A-CorePlusR3/Data Fields/Convergence
  volume:=:427
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:BaselineMAFR1A-CorePlusR3Convergence
  Units:=:NoUnits
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/BaselineMAFR1A-CorePlusR3/Data Fields/L2gpPrecision
  volume:=:13477
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:BaselineMAFR1A-CorePlusR3Precision
  Units:=:vmr
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/BaselineMAFR1A-CorePlusR3/Data Fields/L2gpValue
  volume:=:14332
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:BaselineMAFR1A-CorePlusR3
  Units:=:vmr
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/BaselineMAFR1A-CorePlusR3/Data Fields/Quality
  volume:=:427
  Units:=:NoUnits
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:BaselineMAFR1A-CorePlusR3Quality
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/BaselineMAFR1A-CorePlusR3/Data Fields/Status
  volume:=:426
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:BaselineMAFR1A-CorePlusR3Status
  Units:=:NoUnits
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/BaselineMAFR1A-CorePlusR3/Geolocation Fields/ChunkNumber
  volume:=:1852
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:ChunkNumber
  Units:=:NoUnits
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/BaselineMAFR1A-CorePlusR3/Geolocation Fields/Frequency
  volume:=:4
  _FillValue:=:
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  Title:=:Frequency
  Units:=:GHz
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/BaselineMAFR1A-CorePlusR3/Geolocation Fields/Latitude
  volume:=:14322
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
  Title:=:Latitude
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/BaselineMAFR1A-CorePlusR3/Geolocation Fields/LineOfSightAngle
  volume:=:13010
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:LineOfSightAngle
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  Units:=:deg
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/BaselineMAFR1A-CorePlusR3/Geolocation Fields/LocalSolarTime
  volume:=:14074
  Units:=:h
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:LocalSolarTime
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/BaselineMAFR1A-CorePlusR3/Geolocation Fields/Longitude
  volume:=:14269
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:Longitude
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/BaselineMAFR1A-CorePlusR3/Geolocation Fields/OrbitGeodeticAngle
  volume:=:5868
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:OrbitGeodeticAngle
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/BaselineMAFR1A-CorePlusR3/Geolocation Fields/Pressure
  volume:=:4
  _FillValue:=:
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  Title:=:Pressure
  Units:=:hPa
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:Aura-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/BaselineMAFR1A-CorePlusR3/Geolocation Fields/SolarZenithAngle
  volume:=:14213
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:SolarZenithAngle
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/BaselineMAFR1A-CorePlusR3/Geolocation Fields/Time
  volume:=:19031
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:Time
  Units:=:s
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:Aura-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/BaselineMAFR1A-CorePlusR3/nFreqs
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
  REFERENCE_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/BaselineMAFR1A-CorePlusR3/nLevels
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
  REFERENCE_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/BaselineMAFR1A-CorePlusR3/nTimes
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
  REFERENCE_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/BaselineMAFR1A-CorePlusR3/nTimesTotal
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/BaselineMAFR1A-CorePlusR5/Data Fields/Convergence
  volume:=:427
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:BaselineMAFR1A-CorePlusR5Convergence
  Units:=:NoUnits
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/BaselineMAFR1A-CorePlusR5/Data Fields/L2gpPrecision
  volume:=:13503
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:BaselineMAFR1A-CorePlusR5Precision
  Units:=:vmr
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/BaselineMAFR1A-CorePlusR5/Data Fields/L2gpValue
  volume:=:14332
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:BaselineMAFR1A-CorePlusR5
  Units:=:vmr
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/BaselineMAFR1A-CorePlusR5/Data Fields/Quality
  volume:=:427
  Units:=:NoUnits
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:BaselineMAFR1A-CorePlusR5Quality
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/BaselineMAFR1A-CorePlusR5/Data Fields/Status
  volume:=:426
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:BaselineMAFR1A-CorePlusR5Status
  Units:=:NoUnits
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/BaselineMAFR1A-CorePlusR5/Geolocation Fields/ChunkNumber
  volume:=:1852
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:ChunkNumber
  Units:=:NoUnits
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/BaselineMAFR1A-CorePlusR5/Geolocation Fields/Frequency
  volume:=:4
  _FillValue:=:
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  Title:=:Frequency
  Units:=:GHz
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/BaselineMAFR1A-CorePlusR5/Geolocation Fields/Latitude
  volume:=:14322
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
  Title:=:Latitude
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/BaselineMAFR1A-CorePlusR5/Geolocation Fields/LineOfSightAngle
  volume:=:13010
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:LineOfSightAngle
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  Units:=:deg
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/BaselineMAFR1A-CorePlusR5/Geolocation Fields/LocalSolarTime
  volume:=:14074
  Units:=:h
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:LocalSolarTime
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/BaselineMAFR1A-CorePlusR5/Geolocation Fields/Longitude
  volume:=:14269
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:Longitude
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/BaselineMAFR1A-CorePlusR5/Geolocation Fields/OrbitGeodeticAngle
  volume:=:5868
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:OrbitGeodeticAngle
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/BaselineMAFR1A-CorePlusR5/Geolocation Fields/Pressure
  volume:=:4
  _FillValue:=:
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  Title:=:Pressure
  Units:=:hPa
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:Aura-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/BaselineMAFR1A-CorePlusR5/Geolocation Fields/SolarZenithAngle
  volume:=:14213
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:SolarZenithAngle
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/BaselineMAFR1A-CorePlusR5/Geolocation Fields/Time
  volume:=:19031
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:Time
  Units:=:s
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:Aura-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/BaselineMAFR1A-CorePlusR5/nFreqs
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
  REFERENCE_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/BaselineMAFR1A-CorePlusR5/nLevels
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
  REFERENCE_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/BaselineMAFR1A-CorePlusR5/nTimes
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
  REFERENCE_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/BaselineMAFR1A-CorePlusR5/nTimesTotal
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/BaselineMAFR1A-FinalPtan/Data Fields/Convergence
  volume:=:427
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:BaselineMAFR1A-FinalPtanConvergence
  Units:=:NoUnits
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/BaselineMAFR1A-FinalPtan/Data Fields/L2gpPrecision
  volume:=:13493
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:BaselineMAFR1A-FinalPtanPrecision
  Units:=:vmr
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/BaselineMAFR1A-FinalPtan/Data Fields/L2gpValue
  volume:=:14332
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:BaselineMAFR1A-FinalPtan
  Units:=:vmr
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/BaselineMAFR1A-FinalPtan/Data Fields/Quality
  volume:=:427
  Units:=:NoUnits
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:BaselineMAFR1A-FinalPtanQuality
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/BaselineMAFR1A-FinalPtan/Data Fields/Status
  volume:=:426
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:BaselineMAFR1A-FinalPtanStatus
  Units:=:NoUnits
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/BaselineMAFR1A-FinalPtan/Geolocation Fields/ChunkNumber
  volume:=:1852
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:ChunkNumber
  Units:=:NoUnits
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/BaselineMAFR1A-FinalPtan/Geolocation Fields/Frequency
  volume:=:4
  _FillValue:=:
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  Title:=:Frequency
  Units:=:GHz
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/BaselineMAFR1A-FinalPtan/Geolocation Fields/Latitude
  volume:=:14322
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
  Title:=:Latitude
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/BaselineMAFR1A-FinalPtan/Geolocation Fields/LineOfSightAngle
  volume:=:13010
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:LineOfSightAngle
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  Units:=:deg
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/BaselineMAFR1A-FinalPtan/Geolocation Fields/LocalSolarTime
  volume:=:14074
  Units:=:h
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:LocalSolarTime
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/BaselineMAFR1A-FinalPtan/Geolocation Fields/Longitude
  volume:=:14269
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:Longitude
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/BaselineMAFR1A-FinalPtan/Geolocation Fields/OrbitGeodeticAngle
  volume:=:5868
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:OrbitGeodeticAngle
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/BaselineMAFR1A-FinalPtan/Geolocation Fields/Pressure
  volume:=:4
  _FillValue:=:
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  Title:=:Pressure
  Units:=:hPa
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:Aura-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/BaselineMAFR1A-FinalPtan/Geolocation Fields/SolarZenithAngle
  volume:=:14213
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:SolarZenithAngle
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/BaselineMAFR1A-FinalPtan/Geolocation Fields/Time
  volume:=:19031
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:Time
  Units:=:s
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:Aura-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/BaselineMAFR1A-FinalPtan/nFreqs
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
  REFERENCE_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/BaselineMAFR1A-FinalPtan/nLevels
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
  REFERENCE_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/BaselineMAFR1A-FinalPtan/nTimes
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
  REFERENCE_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/BaselineMAFR1A-FinalPtan/nTimesTotal
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/BaselineMAFR1A-UpdatePtan/Data Fields/Convergence
  volume:=:427
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:BaselineMAFR1A-UpdatePtanConvergence
  Units:=:NoUnits
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/BaselineMAFR1A-UpdatePtan/Data Fields/L2gpPrecision
  volume:=:13470
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:BaselineMAFR1A-UpdatePtanPrecision
  Units:=:vmr
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/BaselineMAFR1A-UpdatePtan/Data Fields/L2gpValue
  volume:=:14332
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:BaselineMAFR1A-UpdatePtan
  Units:=:vmr
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/BaselineMAFR1A-UpdatePtan/Data Fields/Quality
  volume:=:427
  Units:=:NoUnits
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:BaselineMAFR1A-UpdatePtanQuality
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/BaselineMAFR1A-UpdatePtan/Data Fields/Status
  volume:=:426
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:BaselineMAFR1A-UpdatePtanStatus
  Units:=:NoUnits
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/BaselineMAFR1A-UpdatePtan/Geolocation Fields/ChunkNumber
  volume:=:1852
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:ChunkNumber
  Units:=:NoUnits
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/BaselineMAFR1A-UpdatePtan/Geolocation Fields/Frequency
  volume:=:4
  _FillValue:=:
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  Title:=:Frequency
  Units:=:GHz
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/BaselineMAFR1A-UpdatePtan/Geolocation Fields/Latitude
  volume:=:14322
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
  Title:=:Latitude
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/BaselineMAFR1A-UpdatePtan/Geolocation Fields/LineOfSightAngle
  volume:=:13010
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:LineOfSightAngle
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/BaselineMAFR1A-UpdatePtan/Geolocation Fields/LocalSolarTime
  volume:=:14074
  Units:=:h
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:LocalSolarTime
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/BaselineMAFR1A-UpdatePtan/Geolocation Fields/Longitude
  volume:=:14269
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:Longitude
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/BaselineMAFR1A-UpdatePtan/Geolocation Fields/OrbitGeodeticAngle
  volume:=:5868
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:OrbitGeodeticAngle
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/BaselineMAFR1A-UpdatePtan/Geolocation Fields/Pressure
  volume:=:4
  _FillValue:=:
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  Title:=:Pressure
  Units:=:hPa
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:Aura-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/BaselineMAFR1A-UpdatePtan/Geolocation Fields/SolarZenithAngle
  volume:=:14213
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:SolarZenithAngle
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/BaselineMAFR1A-UpdatePtan/Geolocation Fields/Time
  volume:=:19031
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:Time
  Units:=:s
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:Aura-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/BaselineMAFR1A-UpdatePtan/nFreqs
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
  REFERENCE_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/BaselineMAFR1A-UpdatePtan/nLevels
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
  REFERENCE_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/BaselineMAFR1A-UpdatePtan/nTimes
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
  REFERENCE_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/BaselineMAFR1A-UpdatePtan/nTimesTotal
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/BaselineMAFR1AX-InitPtan/Data Fields/Convergence
  volume:=:427
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:BaselineMAFR1AX-InitPtanConvergence
  Units:=:NoUnits
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/BaselineMAFR1AX-InitPtan/Data Fields/L2gpPrecision
  volume:=:13514
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:BaselineMAFR1AX-InitPtanPrecision
  Units:=:vmr
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/BaselineMAFR1AX-InitPtan/Data Fields/L2gpValue
  volume:=:14332
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:BaselineMAFR1AX-InitPtan
  Units:=:vmr
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/BaselineMAFR1AX-InitPtan/Data Fields/Quality
  volume:=:427
  Units:=:NoUnits
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:BaselineMAFR1AX-InitPtanQuality
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/BaselineMAFR1AX-InitPtan/Data Fields/Status
  volume:=:426
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:BaselineMAFR1AX-InitPtanStatus
  Units:=:NoUnits
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/BaselineMAFR1AX-InitPtan/Geolocation Fields/ChunkNumber
  volume:=:1852
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:ChunkNumber
  Units:=:NoUnits
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/BaselineMAFR1AX-InitPtan/Geolocation Fields/Frequency
  volume:=:4
  _FillValue:=:
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  Title:=:Frequency
  Units:=:GHz
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/BaselineMAFR1AX-InitPtan/Geolocation Fields/Latitude
  volume:=:14322
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
  Title:=:Latitude
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/BaselineMAFR1AX-InitPtan/Geolocation Fields/LineOfSightAngle
  volume:=:13010
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:LineOfSightAngle
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/BaselineMAFR1AX-InitPtan/Geolocation Fields/LocalSolarTime
  volume:=:14074
  Units:=:h
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:LocalSolarTime
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/BaselineMAFR1AX-InitPtan/Geolocation Fields/Longitude
  volume:=:14269
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:Longitude
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/BaselineMAFR1AX-InitPtan/Geolocation Fields/OrbitGeodeticAngle
  volume:=:5868
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:OrbitGeodeticAngle
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/BaselineMAFR1AX-InitPtan/Geolocation Fields/Pressure
  volume:=:4
  _FillValue:=:
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  Title:=:Pressure
  Units:=:hPa
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:Aura-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/BaselineMAFR1AX-InitPtan/Geolocation Fields/SolarZenithAngle
  volume:=:14213
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:SolarZenithAngle
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/BaselineMAFR1AX-InitPtan/Geolocation Fields/Time
  volume:=:19031
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:Time
  Units:=:s
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:Aura-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/BaselineMAFR1AX-InitPtan/nFreqs
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
  REFERENCE_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/BaselineMAFR1AX-InitPtan/nLevels
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
  REFERENCE_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/BaselineMAFR1AX-InitPtan/nTimes
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
  REFERENCE_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/BaselineMAFR1AX-InitPtan/nTimesTotal
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/BaselineMAFR1B-CorePlusR3/Data Fields/Convergence
  volume:=:427
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:BaselineMAFR1B-CorePlusR3Convergence
  Units:=:NoUnits
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/BaselineMAFR1B-CorePlusR3/Data Fields/L2gpPrecision
  volume:=:546
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:BaselineMAFR1B-CorePlusR3Precision
  Units:=:vmr
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/BaselineMAFR1B-CorePlusR3/Data Fields/L2gpValue
  volume:=:427
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:BaselineMAFR1B-CorePlusR3
  Units:=:vmr
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/BaselineMAFR1B-CorePlusR3/Data Fields/Quality
  volume:=:427
  Units:=:NoUnits
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:BaselineMAFR1B-CorePlusR3Quality
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/BaselineMAFR1B-CorePlusR3/Data Fields/Status
  volume:=:426
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:BaselineMAFR1B-CorePlusR3Status
  Units:=:NoUnits
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/BaselineMAFR1B-CorePlusR3/Geolocation Fields/ChunkNumber
  volume:=:1852
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:ChunkNumber
  Units:=:NoUnits
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/BaselineMAFR1B-CorePlusR3/Geolocation Fields/Frequency
  volume:=:4
  _FillValue:=:
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  Title:=:Frequency
  Units:=:GHz
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/BaselineMAFR1B-CorePlusR3/Geolocation Fields/Latitude
  volume:=:14322
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
  Title:=:Latitude
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/BaselineMAFR1B-CorePlusR3/Geolocation Fields/LineOfSightAngle
  volume:=:13010
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:LineOfSightAngle
  Units:=:deg
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/BaselineMAFR1B-CorePlusR3/Geolocation Fields/LocalSolarTime
  volume:=:14074
  Units:=:h
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:LocalSolarTime
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/BaselineMAFR1B-CorePlusR3/Geolocation Fields/Longitude
  volume:=:14269
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:Longitude
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/BaselineMAFR1B-CorePlusR3/Geolocation Fields/OrbitGeodeticAngle
  volume:=:5868
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:OrbitGeodeticAngle
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/BaselineMAFR1B-CorePlusR3/Geolocation Fields/Pressure
  volume:=:4
  _FillValue:=:
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  Title:=:Pressure
  Units:=:hPa
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:Aura-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/BaselineMAFR1B-CorePlusR3/Geolocation Fields/SolarZenithAngle
  volume:=:14213
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:SolarZenithAngle
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/BaselineMAFR1B-CorePlusR3/Geolocation Fields/Time
  volume:=:19031
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:Time
  Units:=:s
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:Aura-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/BaselineMAFR1B-CorePlusR3/nFreqs
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
  REFERENCE_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/BaselineMAFR1B-CorePlusR3/nLevels
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
  REFERENCE_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/BaselineMAFR1B-CorePlusR3/nTimes
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
  REFERENCE_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/BaselineMAFR1B-CorePlusR3/nTimesTotal
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/BaselineMAFR1B-CorePlusR5/Data Fields/Convergence
  volume:=:427
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:BaselineMAFR1B-CorePlusR5Convergence
  Units:=:NoUnits
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/BaselineMAFR1B-CorePlusR5/Data Fields/L2gpPrecision
  volume:=:546
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:BaselineMAFR1B-CorePlusR5Precision
  Units:=:vmr
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/BaselineMAFR1B-CorePlusR5/Data Fields/L2gpValue
  volume:=:427
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:BaselineMAFR1B-CorePlusR5
  Units:=:vmr
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/BaselineMAFR1B-CorePlusR5/Data Fields/Quality
  volume:=:427
  Units:=:NoUnits
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:BaselineMAFR1B-CorePlusR5Quality
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/BaselineMAFR1B-CorePlusR5/Data Fields/Status
  volume:=:426
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:BaselineMAFR1B-CorePlusR5Status
  Units:=:NoUnits
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/BaselineMAFR1B-CorePlusR5/Geolocation Fields/ChunkNumber
  volume:=:1852
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:ChunkNumber
  Units:=:NoUnits
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/BaselineMAFR1B-CorePlusR5/Geolocation Fields/Frequency
  volume:=:4
  _FillValue:=:
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  Title:=:Frequency
  Units:=:GHz
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/BaselineMAFR1B-CorePlusR5/Geolocation Fields/Latitude
  volume:=:14322
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
  Title:=:Latitude
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/BaselineMAFR1B-CorePlusR5/Geolocation Fields/LineOfSightAngle
  volume:=:13010
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:LineOfSightAngle
  Units:=:deg
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/BaselineMAFR1B-CorePlusR5/Geolocation Fields/LocalSolarTime
  volume:=:14074
  Units:=:h
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:LocalSolarTime
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/BaselineMAFR1B-CorePlusR5/Geolocation Fields/Longitude
  volume:=:14269
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:Longitude
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/BaselineMAFR1B-CorePlusR5/Geolocation Fields/OrbitGeodeticAngle
  volume:=:5868
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:OrbitGeodeticAngle
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/BaselineMAFR1B-CorePlusR5/Geolocation Fields/Pressure
  volume:=:4
  _FillValue:=:
  Units:=:hPa
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:Aura-Shared
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  Title:=:Pressure
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/BaselineMAFR1B-CorePlusR5/Geolocation Fields/SolarZenithAngle
  volume:=:14213
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:SolarZenithAngle
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/BaselineMAFR1B-CorePlusR5/Geolocation Fields/Time
  volume:=:19031
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:Time
  Units:=:s
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:Aura-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/BaselineMAFR1B-CorePlusR5/nFreqs
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
  REFERENCE_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/BaselineMAFR1B-CorePlusR5/nLevels
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
  REFERENCE_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/BaselineMAFR1B-CorePlusR5/nTimes
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
  REFERENCE_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/BaselineMAFR1B-CorePlusR5/nTimesTotal
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/BaselineMAFR1B-FinalPtan/Data Fields/Convergence
  volume:=:427
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:BaselineMAFR1B-FinalPtanConvergence
  Units:=:NoUnits
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/BaselineMAFR1B-FinalPtan/Data Fields/L2gpPrecision
  volume:=:546
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:BaselineMAFR1B-FinalPtanPrecision
  Units:=:vmr
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/BaselineMAFR1B-FinalPtan/Data Fields/L2gpValue
  volume:=:427
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:BaselineMAFR1B-FinalPtan
  Units:=:vmr
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/BaselineMAFR1B-FinalPtan/Data Fields/Quality
  volume:=:427
  Units:=:NoUnits
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:BaselineMAFR1B-FinalPtanQuality
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/BaselineMAFR1B-FinalPtan/Data Fields/Status
  volume:=:426
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:BaselineMAFR1B-FinalPtanStatus
  Units:=:NoUnits
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/BaselineMAFR1B-FinalPtan/Geolocation Fields/ChunkNumber
  volume:=:1852
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:ChunkNumber
  Units:=:NoUnits
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/BaselineMAFR1B-FinalPtan/Geolocation Fields/Frequency
  volume:=:4
  _FillValue:=:
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  Title:=:Frequency
  Units:=:GHz
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/BaselineMAFR1B-FinalPtan/Geolocation Fields/Latitude
  volume:=:14322
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
  Title:=:Latitude
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/BaselineMAFR1B-FinalPtan/Geolocation Fields/LineOfSightAngle
  volume:=:13010
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:LineOfSightAngle
  Units:=:deg
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/BaselineMAFR1B-FinalPtan/Geolocation Fields/LocalSolarTime
  volume:=:14074
  Units:=:h
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:LocalSolarTime
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/BaselineMAFR1B-FinalPtan/Geolocation Fields/Longitude
  volume:=:14269
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:Longitude
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/BaselineMAFR1B-FinalPtan/Geolocation Fields/OrbitGeodeticAngle
  volume:=:5868
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:OrbitGeodeticAngle
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/BaselineMAFR1B-FinalPtan/Geolocation Fields/Pressure
  volume:=:4
  _FillValue:=:
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  Title:=:Pressure
  Units:=:hPa
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:Aura-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/BaselineMAFR1B-FinalPtan/Geolocation Fields/SolarZenithAngle
  volume:=:14213
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:SolarZenithAngle
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/BaselineMAFR1B-FinalPtan/Geolocation Fields/Time
  volume:=:19031
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:Time
  Units:=:s
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:Aura-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/BaselineMAFR1B-FinalPtan/nFreqs
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
  REFERENCE_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/BaselineMAFR1B-FinalPtan/nLevels
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
  REFERENCE_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/BaselineMAFR1B-FinalPtan/nTimes
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
  REFERENCE_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/BaselineMAFR1B-FinalPtan/nTimesTotal
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/BaselineMAFR1B-UpdatePtan/Data Fields/Convergence
  volume:=:427
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:BaselineMAFR1B-UpdatePtanConvergence
  Units:=:NoUnits
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/BaselineMAFR1B-UpdatePtan/Data Fields/L2gpPrecision
  volume:=:546
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:BaselineMAFR1B-UpdatePtanPrecision
  Units:=:vmr
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/BaselineMAFR1B-UpdatePtan/Data Fields/L2gpValue
  volume:=:427
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:BaselineMAFR1B-UpdatePtan
  Units:=:vmr
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/BaselineMAFR1B-UpdatePtan/Data Fields/Quality
  volume:=:427
  Units:=:NoUnits
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:BaselineMAFR1B-UpdatePtanQuality
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/BaselineMAFR1B-UpdatePtan/Data Fields/Status
  volume:=:426
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:BaselineMAFR1B-UpdatePtanStatus
  Units:=:NoUnits
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/BaselineMAFR1B-UpdatePtan/Geolocation Fields/ChunkNumber
  volume:=:1852
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:ChunkNumber
  Units:=:NoUnits
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/BaselineMAFR1B-UpdatePtan/Geolocation Fields/Frequency
  volume:=:4
  _FillValue:=:
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  Title:=:Frequency
  Units:=:GHz
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/BaselineMAFR1B-UpdatePtan/Geolocation Fields/Latitude
  volume:=:14322
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
  Title:=:Latitude
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/BaselineMAFR1B-UpdatePtan/Geolocation Fields/LineOfSightAngle
  volume:=:13010
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:LineOfSightAngle
  Units:=:deg
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/BaselineMAFR1B-UpdatePtan/Geolocation Fields/LocalSolarTime
  volume:=:14074
  Units:=:h
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:LocalSolarTime
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/BaselineMAFR1B-UpdatePtan/Geolocation Fields/Longitude
  volume:=:14269
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:Longitude
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/BaselineMAFR1B-UpdatePtan/Geolocation Fields/OrbitGeodeticAngle
  volume:=:5868
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:OrbitGeodeticAngle
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/BaselineMAFR1B-UpdatePtan/Geolocation Fields/Pressure
  volume:=:4
  _FillValue:=:
  Units:=:hPa
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:Aura-Shared
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  Title:=:Pressure
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/BaselineMAFR1B-UpdatePtan/Geolocation Fields/SolarZenithAngle
  volume:=:14213
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:SolarZenithAngle
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/BaselineMAFR1B-UpdatePtan/Geolocation Fields/Time
  volume:=:19031
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:Time
  Units:=:s
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:Aura-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/BaselineMAFR1B-UpdatePtan/nFreqs
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
  REFERENCE_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/BaselineMAFR1B-UpdatePtan/nLevels
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
  REFERENCE_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/BaselineMAFR1B-UpdatePtan/nTimes
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
  REFERENCE_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/BaselineMAFR1B-UpdatePtan/nTimesTotal
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/BaselineMAFR1BX-InitPtan/Data Fields/Convergence
  volume:=:427
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:BaselineMAFR1BX-InitPtanConvergence
  Units:=:NoUnits
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/BaselineMAFR1BX-InitPtan/Data Fields/L2gpPrecision
  volume:=:546
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:BaselineMAFR1BX-InitPtanPrecision
  Units:=:vmr
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/BaselineMAFR1BX-InitPtan/Data Fields/L2gpValue
  volume:=:427
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:BaselineMAFR1BX-InitPtan
  Units:=:vmr
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/BaselineMAFR1BX-InitPtan/Data Fields/Quality
  volume:=:427
  Units:=:NoUnits
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:BaselineMAFR1BX-InitPtanQuality
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/BaselineMAFR1BX-InitPtan/Data Fields/Status
  volume:=:426
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:BaselineMAFR1BX-InitPtanStatus
  Units:=:NoUnits
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/BaselineMAFR1BX-InitPtan/Geolocation Fields/ChunkNumber
  volume:=:1852
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:ChunkNumber
  Units:=:NoUnits
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/BaselineMAFR1BX-InitPtan/Geolocation Fields/Frequency
  volume:=:4
  _FillValue:=:
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  Title:=:Frequency
  Units:=:GHz
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/BaselineMAFR1BX-InitPtan/Geolocation Fields/Latitude
  volume:=:14322
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
  Title:=:Latitude
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/BaselineMAFR1BX-InitPtan/Geolocation Fields/LineOfSightAngle
  volume:=:13010
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:LineOfSightAngle
  Units:=:deg
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/BaselineMAFR1BX-InitPtan/Geolocation Fields/LocalSolarTime
  volume:=:14074
  Units:=:h
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:LocalSolarTime
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/BaselineMAFR1BX-InitPtan/Geolocation Fields/Longitude
  volume:=:14269
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:Longitude
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/BaselineMAFR1BX-InitPtan/Geolocation Fields/OrbitGeodeticAngle
  volume:=:5868
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:OrbitGeodeticAngle
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/BaselineMAFR1BX-InitPtan/Geolocation Fields/Pressure
  volume:=:4
  _FillValue:=:
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  Title:=:Pressure
  Units:=:hPa
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:Aura-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/BaselineMAFR1BX-InitPtan/Geolocation Fields/SolarZenithAngle
  volume:=:14213
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:SolarZenithAngle
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/BaselineMAFR1BX-InitPtan/Geolocation Fields/Time
  volume:=:19031
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:Time
  Units:=:s
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:Aura-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/BaselineMAFR1BX-InitPtan/nFreqs
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
  REFERENCE_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/BaselineMAFR1BX-InitPtan/nLevels
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
  REFERENCE_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/BaselineMAFR1BX-InitPtan/nTimes
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
  REFERENCE_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/BaselineMAFR1BX-InitPtan/nTimesTotal
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/BaselineMAFR3-CorePlusR3/Data Fields/Convergence
  volume:=:427
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:BaselineMAFR3-CorePlusR3Convergence
  Units:=:NoUnits
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/BaselineMAFR3-CorePlusR3/Data Fields/L2gpPrecision
  volume:=:13489
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:BaselineMAFR3-CorePlusR3Precision
  Units:=:vmr
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/BaselineMAFR3-CorePlusR3/Data Fields/L2gpValue
  volume:=:14332
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Units:=:vmr
  Title:=:BaselineMAFR3-CorePlusR3
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/BaselineMAFR3-CorePlusR3/Data Fields/Quality
  volume:=:427
  Units:=:NoUnits
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:BaselineMAFR3-CorePlusR3Quality
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/BaselineMAFR3-CorePlusR3/Data Fields/Status
  volume:=:426
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:BaselineMAFR3-CorePlusR3Status
  Units:=:NoUnits
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/BaselineMAFR3-CorePlusR3/Geolocation Fields/ChunkNumber
  volume:=:1852
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:ChunkNumber
  Units:=:NoUnits
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/BaselineMAFR3-CorePlusR3/Geolocation Fields/Frequency
  volume:=:4
  _FillValue:=:
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  Title:=:Frequency
  Units:=:GHz
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/BaselineMAFR3-CorePlusR3/Geolocation Fields/Latitude
  volume:=:14322
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
  Title:=:Latitude
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/BaselineMAFR3-CorePlusR3/Geolocation Fields/LineOfSightAngle
  volume:=:13010
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:LineOfSightAngle
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  Units:=:deg
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/BaselineMAFR3-CorePlusR3/Geolocation Fields/LocalSolarTime
  volume:=:14074
  Units:=:h
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:LocalSolarTime
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/BaselineMAFR3-CorePlusR3/Geolocation Fields/Longitude
  volume:=:14269
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:Longitude
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/BaselineMAFR3-CorePlusR3/Geolocation Fields/OrbitGeodeticAngle
  volume:=:5868
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:OrbitGeodeticAngle
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/BaselineMAFR3-CorePlusR3/Geolocation Fields/Pressure
  volume:=:4
  _FillValue:=:
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  Title:=:Pressure
  Units:=:hPa
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:Aura-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/BaselineMAFR3-CorePlusR3/Geolocation Fields/SolarZenithAngle
  volume:=:14213
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:SolarZenithAngle
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/BaselineMAFR3-CorePlusR3/Geolocation Fields/Time
  volume:=:19031
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:Time
  Units:=:s
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:Aura-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/BaselineMAFR3-CorePlusR3/nFreqs
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
  REFERENCE_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/BaselineMAFR3-CorePlusR3/nLevels
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
  REFERENCE_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/BaselineMAFR3-CorePlusR3/nTimes
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
  REFERENCE_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/BaselineMAFR3-CorePlusR3/nTimesTotal
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/BaselineMAFR3-R3InitRHi/Data Fields/Convergence
  volume:=:427
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:BaselineMAFR3-R3InitRHiConvergence
  Units:=:NoUnits
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/BaselineMAFR3-R3InitRHi/Data Fields/L2gpPrecision
  volume:=:13436
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:BaselineMAFR3-R3InitRHiPrecision
  Units:=:vmr
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/BaselineMAFR3-R3InitRHi/Data Fields/L2gpValue
  volume:=:14331
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:BaselineMAFR3-R3InitRHi
  Units:=:vmr
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/BaselineMAFR3-R3InitRHi/Data Fields/Quality
  volume:=:427
  Units:=:NoUnits
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:BaselineMAFR3-R3InitRHiQuality
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/BaselineMAFR3-R3InitRHi/Data Fields/Status
  volume:=:426
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:BaselineMAFR3-R3InitRHiStatus
  Units:=:NoUnits
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/BaselineMAFR3-R3InitRHi/Geolocation Fields/ChunkNumber
  volume:=:1852
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:ChunkNumber
  Units:=:NoUnits
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/BaselineMAFR3-R3InitRHi/Geolocation Fields/Frequency
  volume:=:4
  _FillValue:=:
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  Title:=:Frequency
  Units:=:GHz
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/BaselineMAFR3-R3InitRHi/Geolocation Fields/Latitude
  volume:=:14322
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
  Title:=:Latitude
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/BaselineMAFR3-R3InitRHi/Geolocation Fields/LineOfSightAngle
  volume:=:13010
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:LineOfSightAngle
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/BaselineMAFR3-R3InitRHi/Geolocation Fields/LocalSolarTime
  volume:=:14074
  Units:=:h
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:LocalSolarTime
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/BaselineMAFR3-R3InitRHi/Geolocation Fields/Longitude
  volume:=:14269
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:Longitude
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/BaselineMAFR3-R3InitRHi/Geolocation Fields/OrbitGeodeticAngle
  volume:=:5868
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:OrbitGeodeticAngle
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/BaselineMAFR3-R3InitRHi/Geolocation Fields/Pressure
  volume:=:4
  _FillValue:=:
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  Title:=:Pressure
  Units:=:hPa
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:Aura-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/BaselineMAFR3-R3InitRHi/Geolocation Fields/SolarZenithAngle
  volume:=:14213
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:SolarZenithAngle
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/BaselineMAFR3-R3InitRHi/Geolocation Fields/Time
  volume:=:19031
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:Time
  Units:=:s
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:Aura-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/BaselineMAFR3-R3InitRHi/nFreqs
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
  REFERENCE_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/BaselineMAFR3-R3InitRHi/nLevels
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
  REFERENCE_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/BaselineMAFR3-R3InitRHi/nTimes
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
  REFERENCE_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/BaselineMAFR3-R3InitRHi/nTimesTotal
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/BrO-640/Data Fields/Convergence
  volume:=:2521
  Units:=:NoUnits
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:BrO-640Convergence
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/BrO-640/Data Fields/L2gpPrecision
  volume:=:310982
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:BrO-640Precision
  Units:=:vmr
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/BrO-640/Data Fields/L2gpValue
  volume:=:348567
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:BrO-640
  Units:=:vmr
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/BrO-640/Data Fields/Quality
  volume:=:9589
  Units:=:NoUnits
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:BrO-640Quality
  MissingValue:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/BrO-640/Data Fields/Status
  volume:=:1200
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:BrO-640Status
  Units:=:NoUnits
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/BrO-640/Geolocation Fields/ChunkNumber
  volume:=:1852
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:ChunkNumber
  Units:=:NoUnits
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/BrO-640/Geolocation Fields/Latitude
  volume:=:14322
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
  Title:=:Latitude
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/BrO-640/Geolocation Fields/LineOfSightAngle
  volume:=:13010
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:LineOfSightAngle
  Units:=:deg
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/BrO-640/Geolocation Fields/LocalSolarTime
  volume:=:14074
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:LocalSolarTime
  Units:=:h
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/BrO-640/Geolocation Fields/Longitude
  volume:=:14269
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:Longitude
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/BrO-640/Geolocation Fields/OrbitGeodeticAngle
  volume:=:5868
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:OrbitGeodeticAngle
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/BrO-640/Geolocation Fields/Pressure
  volume:=:148
  _FillValue:=:
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  Title:=:Pressure
  Units:=:hPa
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:Aura-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/BrO-640/Geolocation Fields/SolarZenithAngle
  volume:=:14213
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:SolarZenithAngle
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/BrO-640/Geolocation Fields/Time
  volume:=:19031
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:Time
  Units:=:s
  MissingValue:=:
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:Aura-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/BrO-640/nLevels
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
  REFERENCE_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/BrO-640/nTimes
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
  REFERENCE_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/BrO-640/nTimesTotal
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/BrO-APriori/Data Fields/Convergence
  volume:=:427
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:BrO-APrioriConvergence
  Units:=:NoUnits
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/BrO-APriori/Data Fields/L2gpPrecision
  volume:=:3520
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:BrO-APrioriPrecision
  Units:=:vmr
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/BrO-APriori/Data Fields/L2gpValue
  volume:=:3020
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:BrO-APriori
  Units:=:vmr
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/BrO-APriori/Data Fields/Quality
  volume:=:427
  Units:=:NoUnits
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:BrO-APrioriQuality
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/BrO-APriori/Data Fields/Status
  volume:=:426
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:BrO-APrioriStatus
  Units:=:NoUnits
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/BrO-APriori/Geolocation Fields/ChunkNumber
  volume:=:1852
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:ChunkNumber
  Units:=:NoUnits
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/BrO-APriori/Geolocation Fields/Latitude
  volume:=:14322
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
  Title:=:Latitude
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/BrO-APriori/Geolocation Fields/LineOfSightAngle
  volume:=:13010
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:LineOfSightAngle
  Units:=:deg
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/BrO-APriori/Geolocation Fields/LocalSolarTime
  volume:=:14074
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:LocalSolarTime
  Units:=:h
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/BrO-APriori/Geolocation Fields/Longitude
  volume:=:14269
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:Longitude
  Units:=:deg
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/BrO-APriori/Geolocation Fields/OrbitGeodeticAngle
  volume:=:5868
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:OrbitGeodeticAngle
  Units:=:deg
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/BrO-APriori/Geolocation Fields/Pressure
  volume:=:148
  _FillValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:Aura-Shared
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  Title:=:Pressure
  Units:=:hPa
  MissingValue:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/BrO-APriori/Geolocation Fields/SolarZenithAngle
  volume:=:14213
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:SolarZenithAngle
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/BrO-APriori/Geolocation Fields/Time
  volume:=:19031
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:Time
  Units:=:s
  MissingValue:=:
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:Aura-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/BrO-APriori/nLevels
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
  REFERENCE_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/BrO-APriori/nTimes
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
  REFERENCE_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/BrO-APriori/nTimesTotal
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/BrO-StdProd/Data Fields/Convergence
  volume:=:2521
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:BrO-StdProdConvergence
  Units:=:NoUnits
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/BrO-StdProd/Data Fields/L2gpPrecision
  volume:=:310982
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:BrO-StdProdPrecision
  Units:=:vmr
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/BrO-StdProd/Data Fields/L2gpValue
  volume:=:348567
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:BrO-StdProd
  Units:=:vmr
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/BrO-StdProd/Data Fields/Quality
  volume:=:9589
  Units:=:NoUnits
  MissingValue:=:
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:BrO-StdProdQuality
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/BrO-StdProd/Data Fields/Status
  volume:=:1200
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:BrO-StdProdStatus
  Units:=:NoUnits
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/BrO-StdProd/Geolocation Fields/ChunkNumber
  volume:=:1852
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:ChunkNumber
  Units:=:NoUnits
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/BrO-StdProd/Geolocation Fields/Latitude
  volume:=:14322
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:Latitude
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/BrO-StdProd/Geolocation Fields/LineOfSightAngle
  volume:=:13010
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:LineOfSightAngle
  Units:=:deg
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/BrO-StdProd/Geolocation Fields/LocalSolarTime
  volume:=:14074
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:LocalSolarTime
  Units:=:h
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/BrO-StdProd/Geolocation Fields/Longitude
  volume:=:14269
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:Longitude
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/BrO-StdProd/Geolocation Fields/OrbitGeodeticAngle
  volume:=:5868
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:OrbitGeodeticAngle
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/BrO-StdProd/Geolocation Fields/Pressure
  volume:=:148
  _FillValue:=:
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  Title:=:Pressure
  Units:=:hPa
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:Aura-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/BrO-StdProd/Geolocation Fields/SolarZenithAngle
  volume:=:14213
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:SolarZenithAngle
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/BrO-StdProd/Geolocation Fields/Time
  volume:=:19031
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:Time
  Units:=:s
  MissingValue:=:
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:Aura-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/BrO-StdProd/nLevels
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
  REFERENCE_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/BrO-StdProd/nTimes
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
  REFERENCE_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/BrO-StdProd/nTimesTotal
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/CH3CN-190/Data Fields/Convergence
  volume:=:2519
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:CH3CN-190Convergence
  Units:=:NoUnits
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/CH3CN-190/Data Fields/L2gpPrecision
  volume:=:161032
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:CH3CN-190Precision
  Units:=:vmr
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/CH3CN-190/Data Fields/L2gpValue
  volume:=:348447
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:CH3CN-190
  Units:=:vmr
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/CH3CN-190/Data Fields/Quality
  volume:=:9386
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:CH3CN-190Quality
  Units:=:NoUnits
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/CH3CN-190/Data Fields/Status
  volume:=:941
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:CH3CN-190Status
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  Units:=:NoUnits
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/CH3CN-190/Geolocation Fields/ChunkNumber
  volume:=:1852
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:ChunkNumber
  Units:=:NoUnits
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/CH3CN-190/Geolocation Fields/Latitude
  volume:=:14322
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
  Title:=:Latitude
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/CH3CN-190/Geolocation Fields/LineOfSightAngle
  volume:=:13010
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:LineOfSightAngle
  Units:=:deg
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/CH3CN-190/Geolocation Fields/LocalSolarTime
  volume:=:14074
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:LocalSolarTime
  Units:=:h
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/CH3CN-190/Geolocation Fields/Longitude
  volume:=:14269
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:Longitude
  Units:=:deg
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/CH3CN-190/Geolocation Fields/OrbitGeodeticAngle
  volume:=:5868
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:OrbitGeodeticAngle
  Units:=:deg
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/CH3CN-190/Geolocation Fields/Pressure
  volume:=:148
  _FillValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:Aura-Shared
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  Title:=:Pressure
  Units:=:hPa
  MissingValue:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/CH3CN-190/Geolocation Fields/SolarZenithAngle
  volume:=:14213
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:SolarZenithAngle
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/CH3CN-190/Geolocation Fields/Time
  volume:=:19031
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:Time
  Units:=:s
  MissingValue:=:
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:Aura-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/CH3CN-190/nLevels
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
  REFERENCE_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/CH3CN-190/nTimes
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
  REFERENCE_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/CH3CN-190/nTimesTotal
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/CH3CN-640/Data Fields/Convergence
  volume:=:2521
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:CH3CN-640Convergence
  Units:=:NoUnits
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/CH3CN-640/Data Fields/L2gpPrecision
  volume:=:319767
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:CH3CN-640Precision
  Units:=:vmr
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/CH3CN-640/Data Fields/L2gpValue
  volume:=:369794
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:CH3CN-640
  Units:=:vmr
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/CH3CN-640/Data Fields/Quality
  volume:=:9872
  Units:=:NoUnits
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:CH3CN-640Quality
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/CH3CN-640/Data Fields/Status
  volume:=:1200
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:CH3CN-640Status
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  Units:=:NoUnits
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/CH3CN-640/Geolocation Fields/ChunkNumber
  volume:=:1852
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:ChunkNumber
  Units:=:NoUnits
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/CH3CN-640/Geolocation Fields/Latitude
  volume:=:14322
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
  Title:=:Latitude
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/CH3CN-640/Geolocation Fields/LineOfSightAngle
  volume:=:13010
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:LineOfSightAngle
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/CH3CN-640/Geolocation Fields/LocalSolarTime
  volume:=:14074
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:LocalSolarTime
  Units:=:h
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/CH3CN-640/Geolocation Fields/Longitude
  volume:=:14269
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:Longitude
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/CH3CN-640/Geolocation Fields/OrbitGeodeticAngle
  volume:=:5868
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:OrbitGeodeticAngle
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/CH3CN-640/Geolocation Fields/Pressure
  volume:=:148
  _FillValue:=:
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  Title:=:Pressure
  Units:=:hPa
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:Aura-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/CH3CN-640/Geolocation Fields/SolarZenithAngle
  volume:=:14213
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:SolarZenithAngle
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/CH3CN-640/Geolocation Fields/Time
  volume:=:19031
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:Time
  Units:=:s
  MissingValue:=:
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:Aura-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/CH3CN-640/nLevels
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
  REFERENCE_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/CH3CN-640/nTimes
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
  REFERENCE_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/CH3CN-640/nTimesTotal
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/CH3CN-APriori/Data Fields/Convergence
  volume:=:427
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:CH3CN-APrioriConvergence
  Units:=:NoUnits
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/CH3CN-APriori/Data Fields/L2gpPrecision
  volume:=:3549
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:CH3CN-APrioriPrecision
  Units:=:vmr
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/CH3CN-APriori/Data Fields/L2gpValue
  volume:=:342661
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:CH3CN-APriori
  Units:=:vmr
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/CH3CN-APriori/Data Fields/Quality
  volume:=:427
  Units:=:NoUnits
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:CH3CN-APrioriQuality
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/CH3CN-APriori/Data Fields/Status
  volume:=:426
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:CH3CN-APrioriStatus
  Units:=:NoUnits
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/CH3CN-APriori/Geolocation Fields/ChunkNumber
  volume:=:1852
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:ChunkNumber
  Units:=:NoUnits
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/CH3CN-APriori/Geolocation Fields/Latitude
  volume:=:14322
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
  Title:=:Latitude
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/CH3CN-APriori/Geolocation Fields/LineOfSightAngle
  volume:=:13010
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:LineOfSightAngle
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/CH3CN-APriori/Geolocation Fields/LocalSolarTime
  volume:=:14074
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:LocalSolarTime
  Units:=:h
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/CH3CN-APriori/Geolocation Fields/Longitude
  volume:=:14269
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:Longitude
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/CH3CN-APriori/Geolocation Fields/OrbitGeodeticAngle
  volume:=:5868
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:OrbitGeodeticAngle
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/CH3CN-APriori/Geolocation Fields/Pressure
  volume:=:148
  _FillValue:=:
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  Title:=:Pressure
  Units:=:hPa
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:Aura-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/CH3CN-APriori/Geolocation Fields/SolarZenithAngle
  volume:=:14213
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:SolarZenithAngle
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/CH3CN-APriori/Geolocation Fields/Time
  volume:=:19031
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:Time
  Units:=:s
  MissingValue:=:
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:Aura-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/CH3CN-APriori/nLevels
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
  REFERENCE_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/CH3CN-APriori/nTimes
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
  REFERENCE_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/CH3CN-APriori/nTimesTotal
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/CH3CN-InitR2/Data Fields/Convergence
  volume:=:427
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:CH3CN-InitR2Convergence
  Units:=:NoUnits
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/CH3CN-InitR2/Data Fields/L2gpPrecision
  volume:=:161563
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:CH3CN-InitR2Precision
  Units:=:vmr
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/CH3CN-InitR2/Data Fields/L2gpValue
  volume:=:348305
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:CH3CN-InitR2
  Units:=:vmr
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/CH3CN-InitR2/Data Fields/Quality
  volume:=:427
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:CH3CN-InitR2Quality
  Units:=:NoUnits
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/CH3CN-InitR2/Data Fields/Status
  volume:=:426
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:CH3CN-InitR2Status
  Units:=:NoUnits
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/CH3CN-InitR2/Geolocation Fields/ChunkNumber
  volume:=:1852
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:ChunkNumber
  Units:=:NoUnits
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/CH3CN-InitR2/Geolocation Fields/Latitude
  volume:=:14322
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
  Title:=:Latitude
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/CH3CN-InitR2/Geolocation Fields/LineOfSightAngle
  volume:=:13010
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:LineOfSightAngle
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/CH3CN-InitR2/Geolocation Fields/LocalSolarTime
  volume:=:14074
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:LocalSolarTime
  Units:=:h
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/CH3CN-InitR2/Geolocation Fields/Longitude
  volume:=:14269
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:Longitude
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/CH3CN-InitR2/Geolocation Fields/OrbitGeodeticAngle
  volume:=:5868
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:OrbitGeodeticAngle
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/CH3CN-InitR2/Geolocation Fields/Pressure
  volume:=:148
  _FillValue:=:
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  Title:=:Pressure
  Units:=:hPa
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:Aura-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/CH3CN-InitR2/Geolocation Fields/SolarZenithAngle
  volume:=:14213
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:SolarZenithAngle
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/CH3CN-InitR2/Geolocation Fields/Time
  volume:=:19031
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:Time
  Units:=:s
  MissingValue:=:
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:Aura-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/CH3CN-InitR2/nLevels
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
  REFERENCE_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/CH3CN-InitR2/nTimes
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
  REFERENCE_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/CH3CN-InitR2/nTimesTotal
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/CH3CN-StdProd/Data Fields/Convergence
  volume:=:2521
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:CH3CN-StdProdConvergence
  Units:=:NoUnits
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/CH3CN-StdProd/Data Fields/L2gpPrecision
  volume:=:319767
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:CH3CN-StdProdPrecision
  Units:=:vmr
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/CH3CN-StdProd/Data Fields/L2gpValue
  volume:=:369794
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:CH3CN-StdProd
  Units:=:vmr
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/CH3CN-StdProd/Data Fields/Quality
  volume:=:9872
  Units:=:NoUnits
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:CH3CN-StdProdQuality
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/CH3CN-StdProd/Data Fields/Status
  volume:=:1200
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:CH3CN-StdProdStatus
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  Units:=:NoUnits
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/CH3CN-StdProd/Geolocation Fields/ChunkNumber
  volume:=:1852
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:ChunkNumber
  Units:=:NoUnits
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/CH3CN-StdProd/Geolocation Fields/Latitude
  volume:=:14322
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
  Title:=:Latitude
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/CH3CN-StdProd/Geolocation Fields/LineOfSightAngle
  volume:=:13010
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:LineOfSightAngle
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/CH3CN-StdProd/Geolocation Fields/LocalSolarTime
  volume:=:14074
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:LocalSolarTime
  Units:=:h
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/CH3CN-StdProd/Geolocation Fields/Longitude
  volume:=:14269
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:Longitude
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/CH3CN-StdProd/Geolocation Fields/OrbitGeodeticAngle
  volume:=:5868
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:OrbitGeodeticAngle
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/CH3CN-StdProd/Geolocation Fields/Pressure
  volume:=:148
  _FillValue:=:
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  Title:=:Pressure
  Units:=:hPa
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:Aura-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/CH3CN-StdProd/Geolocation Fields/SolarZenithAngle
  volume:=:14213
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:SolarZenithAngle
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/CH3CN-StdProd/Geolocation Fields/Time
  volume:=:19031
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:Time
  Units:=:s
  MissingValue:=:
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:Aura-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/CH3CN-StdProd/nLevels
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
  REFERENCE_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/CH3CN-StdProd/nTimes
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
  REFERENCE_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/CH3CN-StdProd/nTimesTotal
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/CH3COCH3-APriori/Data Fields/Convergence
  volume:=:427
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:CH3COCH3-APrioriConvergence
  Units:=:NoUnits
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/CH3COCH3-APriori/Data Fields/L2gpPrecision
  volume:=:3549
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:CH3COCH3-APrioriPrecision
  Units:=:vmr
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/CH3COCH3-APriori/Data Fields/L2gpValue
  volume:=:3020
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:CH3COCH3-APriori
  Units:=:vmr
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/CH3COCH3-APriori/Data Fields/Quality
  volume:=:427
  Units:=:NoUnits
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:CH3COCH3-APrioriQuality
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/CH3COCH3-APriori/Data Fields/Status
  volume:=:426
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:CH3COCH3-APrioriStatus
  Units:=:NoUnits
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/CH3COCH3-APriori/Geolocation Fields/ChunkNumber
  volume:=:1852
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:ChunkNumber
  Units:=:NoUnits
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/CH3COCH3-APriori/Geolocation Fields/Latitude
  volume:=:14322
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
  Title:=:Latitude
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/CH3COCH3-APriori/Geolocation Fields/LineOfSightAngle
  volume:=:13010
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:LineOfSightAngle
  Units:=:deg
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/CH3COCH3-APriori/Geolocation Fields/LocalSolarTime
  volume:=:14074
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:LocalSolarTime
  Units:=:h
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/CH3COCH3-APriori/Geolocation Fields/Longitude
  volume:=:14269
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:Longitude
  Units:=:deg
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/CH3COCH3-APriori/Geolocation Fields/OrbitGeodeticAngle
  volume:=:5868
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:OrbitGeodeticAngle
  Units:=:deg
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/CH3COCH3-APriori/Geolocation Fields/Pressure
  volume:=:148
  _FillValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:Aura-Shared
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  Title:=:Pressure
  Units:=:hPa
  MissingValue:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/CH3COCH3-APriori/Geolocation Fields/SolarZenithAngle
  volume:=:14213
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:SolarZenithAngle
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/CH3COCH3-APriori/Geolocation Fields/Time
  volume:=:19031
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:Time
  Units:=:s
  MissingValue:=:
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:Aura-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/CH3COCH3-APriori/nLevels
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
  REFERENCE_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/CH3COCH3-APriori/nTimes
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
  REFERENCE_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/CH3COCH3-APriori/nTimesTotal
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/CH3Cl-640/Data Fields/Convergence
  volume:=:2521
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:CH3Cl-640Convergence
  Units:=:NoUnits
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/CH3Cl-640/Data Fields/L2gpPrecision
  volume:=:258533
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:CH3Cl-640Precision
  Units:=:vmr
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/CH3Cl-640/Data Fields/L2gpValue
  volume:=:426957
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:CH3Cl-640
  Units:=:vmr
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/CH3Cl-640/Data Fields/Quality
  volume:=:9787
  Units:=:NoUnits
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:CH3Cl-640Quality
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/CH3Cl-640/Data Fields/Status
  volume:=:1200
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:CH3Cl-640Status
  Units:=:NoUnits
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/CH3Cl-640/Geolocation Fields/ChunkNumber
  volume:=:1852
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:ChunkNumber
  Units:=:NoUnits
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/CH3Cl-640/Geolocation Fields/Latitude
  volume:=:14322
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
  Title:=:Latitude
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/CH3Cl-640/Geolocation Fields/LineOfSightAngle
  volume:=:13010
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:LineOfSightAngle
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/CH3Cl-640/Geolocation Fields/LocalSolarTime
  volume:=:14074
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:LocalSolarTime
  Units:=:h
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/CH3Cl-640/Geolocation Fields/Longitude
  volume:=:14269
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:Longitude
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/CH3Cl-640/Geolocation Fields/OrbitGeodeticAngle
  volume:=:5868
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:OrbitGeodeticAngle
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/CH3Cl-640/Geolocation Fields/Pressure
  volume:=:148
  _FillValue:=:
  Units:=:hPa
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:Aura-Shared
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  Title:=:Pressure
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/CH3Cl-640/Geolocation Fields/SolarZenithAngle
  volume:=:14213
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:SolarZenithAngle
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/CH3Cl-640/Geolocation Fields/Time
  volume:=:19031
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:Time
  Units:=:s
  MissingValue:=:
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:Aura-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/CH3Cl-640/nLevels
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
  REFERENCE_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/CH3Cl-640/nTimes
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
  REFERENCE_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/CH3Cl-640/nTimesTotal
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/CH3Cl-APriori/Data Fields/Convergence
  volume:=:427
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:CH3Cl-APrioriConvergence
  Units:=:NoUnits
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/CH3Cl-APriori/Data Fields/L2gpPrecision
  volume:=:3549
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:CH3Cl-APrioriPrecision
  Units:=:vmr
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/CH3Cl-APriori/Data Fields/L2gpValue
  volume:=:402271
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:CH3Cl-APriori
  Units:=:vmr
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/CH3Cl-APriori/Data Fields/Quality
  volume:=:427
  Units:=:NoUnits
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:CH3Cl-APrioriQuality
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/CH3Cl-APriori/Data Fields/Status
  volume:=:426
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:CH3Cl-APrioriStatus
  Units:=:NoUnits
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/CH3Cl-APriori/Geolocation Fields/ChunkNumber
  volume:=:1852
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:ChunkNumber
  Units:=:NoUnits
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/CH3Cl-APriori/Geolocation Fields/Latitude
  volume:=:14322
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
  Title:=:Latitude
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/CH3Cl-APriori/Geolocation Fields/LineOfSightAngle
  volume:=:13010
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:LineOfSightAngle
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/CH3Cl-APriori/Geolocation Fields/LocalSolarTime
  volume:=:14074
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:LocalSolarTime
  Units:=:h
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/CH3Cl-APriori/Geolocation Fields/Longitude
  volume:=:14269
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:Longitude
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/CH3Cl-APriori/Geolocation Fields/OrbitGeodeticAngle
  volume:=:5868
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:OrbitGeodeticAngle
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/CH3Cl-APriori/Geolocation Fields/Pressure
  volume:=:148
  _FillValue:=:
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  Title:=:Pressure
  Units:=:hPa
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:Aura-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/CH3Cl-APriori/Geolocation Fields/SolarZenithAngle
  volume:=:14213
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:SolarZenithAngle
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/CH3Cl-APriori/Geolocation Fields/Time
  volume:=:19031
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:Time
  Units:=:s
  MissingValue:=:
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:Aura-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/CH3Cl-APriori/nLevels
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
  REFERENCE_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/CH3Cl-APriori/nTimes
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
  REFERENCE_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/CH3Cl-APriori/nTimesTotal
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/CH3Cl-StdProd/Data Fields/Convergence
  volume:=:2521
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:CH3Cl-StdProdConvergence
  Units:=:NoUnits
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/CH3Cl-StdProd/Data Fields/L2gpPrecision
  volume:=:258533
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:CH3Cl-StdProdPrecision
  Units:=:vmr
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/CH3Cl-StdProd/Data Fields/L2gpValue
  volume:=:426957
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:CH3Cl-StdProd
  Units:=:vmr
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/CH3Cl-StdProd/Data Fields/Quality
  volume:=:9787
  Units:=:NoUnits
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:CH3Cl-StdProdQuality
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/CH3Cl-StdProd/Data Fields/Status
  volume:=:1200
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:CH3Cl-StdProdStatus
  Units:=:NoUnits
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/CH3Cl-StdProd/Geolocation Fields/ChunkNumber
  volume:=:1852
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:ChunkNumber
  Units:=:NoUnits
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/CH3Cl-StdProd/Geolocation Fields/Latitude
  volume:=:14322
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
  Title:=:Latitude
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/CH3Cl-StdProd/Geolocation Fields/LineOfSightAngle
  volume:=:13010
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:LineOfSightAngle
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/CH3Cl-StdProd/Geolocation Fields/LocalSolarTime
  volume:=:14074
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:LocalSolarTime
  Units:=:h
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/CH3Cl-StdProd/Geolocation Fields/Longitude
  volume:=:14269
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:Longitude
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/CH3Cl-StdProd/Geolocation Fields/OrbitGeodeticAngle
  volume:=:5868
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:OrbitGeodeticAngle
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/CH3Cl-StdProd/Geolocation Fields/Pressure
  volume:=:148
  _FillValue:=:
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  Title:=:Pressure
  Units:=:hPa
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:Aura-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/CH3Cl-StdProd/Geolocation Fields/SolarZenithAngle
  volume:=:14213
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:SolarZenithAngle
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/CH3Cl-StdProd/Geolocation Fields/Time
  volume:=:19031
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:Time
  Units:=:s
  MissingValue:=:
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:Aura-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/CH3Cl-StdProd/nLevels
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
  REFERENCE_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/CH3Cl-StdProd/nTimes
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
  REFERENCE_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/CH3Cl-StdProd/nTimesTotal
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/CH3OH-APriori/Data Fields/Convergence
  volume:=:427
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:CH3OH-APrioriConvergence
  Units:=:NoUnits
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/CH3OH-APriori/Data Fields/L2gpPrecision
  volume:=:3520
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:CH3OH-APrioriPrecision
  Units:=:vmr
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/CH3OH-APriori/Data Fields/L2gpValue
  volume:=:3020
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:CH3OH-APriori
  Units:=:vmr
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/CH3OH-APriori/Data Fields/Quality
  volume:=:427
  Units:=:NoUnits
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:CH3OH-APrioriQuality
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/CH3OH-APriori/Data Fields/Status
  volume:=:426
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:CH3OH-APrioriStatus
  Units:=:NoUnits
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/CH3OH-APriori/Geolocation Fields/ChunkNumber
  volume:=:1852
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:ChunkNumber
  Units:=:NoUnits
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/CH3OH-APriori/Geolocation Fields/Latitude
  volume:=:14322
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
  Title:=:Latitude
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/CH3OH-APriori/Geolocation Fields/LineOfSightAngle
  volume:=:13010
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:LineOfSightAngle
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/CH3OH-APriori/Geolocation Fields/LocalSolarTime
  volume:=:14074
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:LocalSolarTime
  Units:=:h
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/CH3OH-APriori/Geolocation Fields/Longitude
  volume:=:14269
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:Longitude
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/CH3OH-APriori/Geolocation Fields/OrbitGeodeticAngle
  volume:=:5868
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:OrbitGeodeticAngle
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/CH3OH-APriori/Geolocation Fields/Pressure
  volume:=:148
  _FillValue:=:
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  Title:=:Pressure
  Units:=:hPa
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:Aura-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/CH3OH-APriori/Geolocation Fields/SolarZenithAngle
  volume:=:14213
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:SolarZenithAngle
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/CH3OH-APriori/Geolocation Fields/Time
  volume:=:19031
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:Time
  Units:=:s
  MissingValue:=:
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:Aura-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/CH3OH-APriori/nLevels
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
  REFERENCE_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/CH3OH-APriori/nTimes
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
  REFERENCE_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/CH3OH-APriori/nTimesTotal
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/CO-240/Data Fields/Convergence
  volume:=:2529
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:CO-240Convergence
  Units:=:NoUnits
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/CO-240/Data Fields/L2gpPrecision
  volume:=:363951
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:CO-240Precision
  Units:=:vmr
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/CO-240/Data Fields/L2gpValue
  volume:=:424717
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:CO-240
  Units:=:vmr
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/CO-240/Data Fields/Quality
  volume:=:9400
  Units:=:NoUnits
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:CO-240Quality
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/CO-240/Data Fields/Status
  volume:=:1095
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:CO-240Status
  Units:=:NoUnits
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/CO-240/Geolocation Fields/ChunkNumber
  volume:=:1852
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:ChunkNumber
  Units:=:NoUnits
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/CO-240/Geolocation Fields/Latitude
  volume:=:14322
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
  Title:=:Latitude
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/CO-240/Geolocation Fields/LineOfSightAngle
  volume:=:13010
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:LineOfSightAngle
  Units:=:deg
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/CO-240/Geolocation Fields/LocalSolarTime
  volume:=:14074
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:LocalSolarTime
  Units:=:h
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/CO-240/Geolocation Fields/Longitude
  volume:=:14269
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:Longitude
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/CO-240/Geolocation Fields/OrbitGeodeticAngle
  volume:=:5868
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:OrbitGeodeticAngle
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/CO-240/Geolocation Fields/Pressure
  volume:=:148
  _FillValue:=:
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  Title:=:Pressure
  Units:=:hPa
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:Aura-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/CO-240/Geolocation Fields/SolarZenithAngle
  volume:=:14213
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:SolarZenithAngle
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/CO-240/Geolocation Fields/Time
  volume:=:19031
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:Time
  Units:=:s
  MissingValue:=:
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:Aura-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/CO-240/nLevels
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
  REFERENCE_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/CO-240/nTimes
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
  REFERENCE_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/CO-240/nTimesTotal
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/CO-APriori/Data Fields/Convergence
  volume:=:427
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:CO-APrioriConvergence
  Units:=:NoUnits
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/CO-APriori/Data Fields/L2gpPrecision
  volume:=:8935
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:CO-APrioriPrecision
  Units:=:vmr
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/CO-APriori/Data Fields/L2gpValue
  volume:=:397494
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:CO-APriori
  Units:=:vmr
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/CO-APriori/Data Fields/Quality
  volume:=:427
  Units:=:NoUnits
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:CO-APrioriQuality
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/CO-APriori/Data Fields/Status
  volume:=:426
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:CO-APrioriStatus
  Units:=:NoUnits
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/CO-APriori/Geolocation Fields/ChunkNumber
  volume:=:1852
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:ChunkNumber
  Units:=:NoUnits
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/CO-APriori/Geolocation Fields/Latitude
  volume:=:14322
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
  Title:=:Latitude
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/CO-APriori/Geolocation Fields/LineOfSightAngle
  volume:=:13010
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:LineOfSightAngle
  Units:=:deg
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/CO-APriori/Geolocation Fields/LocalSolarTime
  volume:=:14074
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:LocalSolarTime
  Units:=:h
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/CO-APriori/Geolocation Fields/Longitude
  volume:=:14269
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:Longitude
  Units:=:deg
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/CO-APriori/Geolocation Fields/OrbitGeodeticAngle
  volume:=:5868
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:OrbitGeodeticAngle
  Units:=:deg
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/CO-APriori/Geolocation Fields/Pressure
  volume:=:148
  _FillValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:Aura-Shared
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  Title:=:Pressure
  Units:=:hPa
  MissingValue:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/CO-APriori/Geolocation Fields/SolarZenithAngle
  volume:=:14213
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:SolarZenithAngle
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/CO-APriori/Geolocation Fields/Time
  volume:=:19031
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:Time
  Units:=:s
  MissingValue:=:
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:Aura-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/CO-APriori/nLevels
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
  REFERENCE_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/CO-APriori/nTimes
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
  REFERENCE_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/CO-APriori/nTimesTotal
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/CO-StdProd/Data Fields/Convergence
  volume:=:2529
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:CO-StdProdConvergence
  Units:=:NoUnits
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/CO-StdProd/Data Fields/L2gpPrecision
  volume:=:363951
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:CO-StdProdPrecision
  Units:=:vmr
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/CO-StdProd/Data Fields/L2gpValue
  volume:=:424717
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:CO-StdProd
  Units:=:vmr
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/CO-StdProd/Data Fields/Quality
  volume:=:9400
  Units:=:NoUnits
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:CO-StdProdQuality
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/CO-StdProd/Data Fields/Status
  volume:=:1095
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:CO-StdProdStatus
  Units:=:NoUnits
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/CO-StdProd/Geolocation Fields/ChunkNumber
  volume:=:1852
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:ChunkNumber
  Units:=:NoUnits
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/CO-StdProd/Geolocation Fields/Latitude
  volume:=:14322
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
  Title:=:Latitude
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/CO-StdProd/Geolocation Fields/LineOfSightAngle
  volume:=:13010
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:LineOfSightAngle
  Units:=:deg
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/CO-StdProd/Geolocation Fields/LocalSolarTime
  volume:=:14074
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:LocalSolarTime
  Units:=:h
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/CO-StdProd/Geolocation Fields/Longitude
  volume:=:14269
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:Longitude
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/CO-StdProd/Geolocation Fields/OrbitGeodeticAngle
  volume:=:5868
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:OrbitGeodeticAngle
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/CO-StdProd/Geolocation Fields/Pressure
  volume:=:148
  _FillValue:=:
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  Title:=:Pressure
  Units:=:hPa
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:Aura-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/CO-StdProd/Geolocation Fields/SolarZenithAngle
  volume:=:14213
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:SolarZenithAngle
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/CO-StdProd/Geolocation Fields/Time
  volume:=:19031
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:Time
  Units:=:s
  MissingValue:=:
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:Aura-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/CO-StdProd/nLevels
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
  REFERENCE_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/CO-StdProd/nTimes
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
  REFERENCE_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/CO-StdProd/nTimesTotal
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/ClO-190/Data Fields/Convergence
  volume:=:2519
  Units:=:NoUnits
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:ClO-190Convergence
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/ClO-190/Data Fields/L2gpPrecision
  volume:=:239314
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:ClO-190Precision
  Units:=:vmr
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/ClO-190/Data Fields/L2gpValue
  volume:=:416139
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:ClO-190
  Units:=:vmr
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/ClO-190/Data Fields/Quality
  volume:=:9379
  Units:=:NoUnits
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:ClO-190Quality
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/ClO-190/Data Fields/Status
  volume:=:941
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:ClO-190Status
  Units:=:NoUnits
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/ClO-190/Geolocation Fields/ChunkNumber
  volume:=:1852
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:ChunkNumber
  Units:=:NoUnits
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/ClO-190/Geolocation Fields/Latitude
  volume:=:14322
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
  Title:=:Latitude
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/ClO-190/Geolocation Fields/LineOfSightAngle
  volume:=:13010
  Units:=:deg
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:LineOfSightAngle
  MissingValue:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/ClO-190/Geolocation Fields/LocalSolarTime
  volume:=:14074
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:LocalSolarTime
  Units:=:h
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/ClO-190/Geolocation Fields/Longitude
  volume:=:14269
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:Longitude
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/ClO-190/Geolocation Fields/OrbitGeodeticAngle
  volume:=:5868
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:OrbitGeodeticAngle
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/ClO-190/Geolocation Fields/Pressure
  volume:=:148
  _FillValue:=:
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  Title:=:Pressure
  Units:=:hPa
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:Aura-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/ClO-190/Geolocation Fields/SolarZenithAngle
  volume:=:14213
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:SolarZenithAngle
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/ClO-190/Geolocation Fields/Time
  volume:=:19031
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:Time
  Units:=:s
  MissingValue:=:
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:Aura-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/ClO-190/nLevels
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
  REFERENCE_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/ClO-190/nTimes
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
  REFERENCE_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/ClO-190/nTimesTotal
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/ClO-640/Data Fields/Convergence
  volume:=:2521
  Units:=:NoUnits
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:ClO-640Convergence
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/ClO-640/Data Fields/L2gpPrecision
  volume:=:320382
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:ClO-640Precision
  Units:=:vmr
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/ClO-640/Data Fields/L2gpValue
  volume:=:430670
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:ClO-640
  Units:=:vmr
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/ClO-640/Data Fields/Quality
  volume:=:9787
  Units:=:NoUnits
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:ClO-640Quality
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/ClO-640/Data Fields/Status
  volume:=:1200
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:ClO-640Status
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  Units:=:NoUnits
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/ClO-640/Geolocation Fields/ChunkNumber
  volume:=:1852
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:ChunkNumber
  Units:=:NoUnits
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/ClO-640/Geolocation Fields/Latitude
  volume:=:14322
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
  Title:=:Latitude
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/ClO-640/Geolocation Fields/LineOfSightAngle
  volume:=:13010
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:LineOfSightAngle
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/ClO-640/Geolocation Fields/LocalSolarTime
  volume:=:14074
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:LocalSolarTime
  Units:=:h
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/ClO-640/Geolocation Fields/Longitude
  volume:=:14269
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:Longitude
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/ClO-640/Geolocation Fields/OrbitGeodeticAngle
  volume:=:5868
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:OrbitGeodeticAngle
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/ClO-640/Geolocation Fields/Pressure
  volume:=:148
  _FillValue:=:
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  Title:=:Pressure
  Units:=:hPa
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:Aura-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/ClO-640/Geolocation Fields/SolarZenithAngle
  volume:=:14213
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:SolarZenithAngle
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/ClO-640/Geolocation Fields/Time
  volume:=:19031
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:Time
  Units:=:s
  MissingValue:=:
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:Aura-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/ClO-640/nLevels
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
  REFERENCE_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/ClO-640/nTimes
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
  REFERENCE_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/ClO-640/nTimesTotal
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/ClO-APriori/Data Fields/Convergence
  volume:=:427
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:ClO-APrioriConvergence
  Units:=:NoUnits
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/ClO-APriori/Data Fields/L2gpPrecision
  volume:=:3520
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:ClO-APrioriPrecision
  Units:=:vmr
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/ClO-APriori/Data Fields/L2gpValue
  volume:=:405265
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:ClO-APriori
  Units:=:vmr
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/ClO-APriori/Data Fields/Quality
  volume:=:427
  Units:=:NoUnits
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:ClO-APrioriQuality
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/ClO-APriori/Data Fields/Status
  volume:=:426
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:ClO-APrioriStatus
  Units:=:NoUnits
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/ClO-APriori/Geolocation Fields/ChunkNumber
  volume:=:1852
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:ChunkNumber
  Units:=:NoUnits
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/ClO-APriori/Geolocation Fields/Latitude
  volume:=:14322
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
  Title:=:Latitude
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/ClO-APriori/Geolocation Fields/LineOfSightAngle
  volume:=:13010
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:LineOfSightAngle
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/ClO-APriori/Geolocation Fields/LocalSolarTime
  volume:=:14074
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:LocalSolarTime
  Units:=:h
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/ClO-APriori/Geolocation Fields/Longitude
  volume:=:14269
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:Longitude
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/ClO-APriori/Geolocation Fields/OrbitGeodeticAngle
  volume:=:5868
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:OrbitGeodeticAngle
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/ClO-APriori/Geolocation Fields/Pressure
  volume:=:148
  _FillValue:=:
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  Title:=:Pressure
  Units:=:hPa
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:Aura-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/ClO-APriori/Geolocation Fields/SolarZenithAngle
  volume:=:14213
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:SolarZenithAngle
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/ClO-APriori/Geolocation Fields/Time
  volume:=:19031
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:Time
  Units:=:s
  MissingValue:=:
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:Aura-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/ClO-APriori/nLevels
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
  REFERENCE_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/ClO-APriori/nTimes
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
  REFERENCE_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/ClO-APriori/nTimesTotal
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/ClO-InitR2/Data Fields/Convergence
  volume:=:427
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:ClO-InitR2Convergence
  Units:=:NoUnits
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/ClO-InitR2/Data Fields/L2gpPrecision
  volume:=:238575
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:ClO-InitR2Precision
  Units:=:vmr
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/ClO-InitR2/Data Fields/L2gpValue
  volume:=:415661
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:ClO-InitR2
  Units:=:vmr
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/ClO-InitR2/Data Fields/Quality
  volume:=:427
  Units:=:NoUnits
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:ClO-InitR2Quality
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/ClO-InitR2/Data Fields/Status
  volume:=:426
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:ClO-InitR2Status
  Units:=:NoUnits
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/ClO-InitR2/Geolocation Fields/ChunkNumber
  volume:=:1852
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:ChunkNumber
  Units:=:NoUnits
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/ClO-InitR2/Geolocation Fields/Latitude
  volume:=:14322
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
  Title:=:Latitude
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/ClO-InitR2/Geolocation Fields/LineOfSightAngle
  volume:=:13010
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:LineOfSightAngle
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/ClO-InitR2/Geolocation Fields/LocalSolarTime
  volume:=:14074
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:LocalSolarTime
  Units:=:h
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/ClO-InitR2/Geolocation Fields/Longitude
  volume:=:14269
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:Longitude
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/ClO-InitR2/Geolocation Fields/OrbitGeodeticAngle
  volume:=:5868
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:OrbitGeodeticAngle
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/ClO-InitR2/Geolocation Fields/Pressure
  volume:=:148
  _FillValue:=:
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  Title:=:Pressure
  Units:=:hPa
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:Aura-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/ClO-InitR2/Geolocation Fields/SolarZenithAngle
  volume:=:14213
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:SolarZenithAngle
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/ClO-InitR2/Geolocation Fields/Time
  volume:=:19031
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:Time
  Units:=:s
  MissingValue:=:
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:Aura-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/ClO-InitR2/nLevels
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
  REFERENCE_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/ClO-InitR2/nTimes
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
  REFERENCE_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/ClO-InitR2/nTimesTotal
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/ClO-StdProd/Data Fields/Convergence
  volume:=:2521
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:ClO-StdProdConvergence
  Units:=:NoUnits
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/ClO-StdProd/Data Fields/L2gpPrecision
  volume:=:320382
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:ClO-StdProdPrecision
  Units:=:vmr
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/ClO-StdProd/Data Fields/L2gpValue
  volume:=:430670
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:ClO-StdProd
  Units:=:vmr
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/ClO-StdProd/Data Fields/Quality
  volume:=:9787
  Units:=:NoUnits
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:ClO-StdProdQuality
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/ClO-StdProd/Data Fields/Status
  volume:=:1200
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:ClO-StdProdStatus
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  Units:=:NoUnits
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/ClO-StdProd/Geolocation Fields/ChunkNumber
  volume:=:1852
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:ChunkNumber
  Units:=:NoUnits
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/ClO-StdProd/Geolocation Fields/Latitude
  volume:=:14322
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
  Title:=:Latitude
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/ClO-StdProd/Geolocation Fields/LineOfSightAngle
  volume:=:13010
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:LineOfSightAngle
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/ClO-StdProd/Geolocation Fields/LocalSolarTime
  volume:=:14074
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:LocalSolarTime
  Units:=:h
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/ClO-StdProd/Geolocation Fields/Longitude
  volume:=:14269
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:Longitude
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/ClO-StdProd/Geolocation Fields/OrbitGeodeticAngle
  volume:=:5868
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:OrbitGeodeticAngle
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/ClO-StdProd/Geolocation Fields/Pressure
  volume:=:148
  _FillValue:=:
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  Title:=:Pressure
  Units:=:hPa
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:Aura-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/ClO-StdProd/Geolocation Fields/SolarZenithAngle
  volume:=:14213
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:SolarZenithAngle
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/ClO-StdProd/Geolocation Fields/Time
  volume:=:19031
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:Time
  Units:=:s
  MissingValue:=:
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:Aura-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/ClO-StdProd/nLevels
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
  REFERENCE_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/ClO-StdProd/nTimes
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
  REFERENCE_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/ClO-StdProd/nTimesTotal
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/ExtinctionR3-FinalExt/Data Fields/Convergence
  volume:=:427
  Units:=:NoUnits
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:ExtinctionR3-FinalExtConvergence
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/ExtinctionR3-FinalExt/Data Fields/L2gpPrecision
  volume:=:479760
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:ExtinctionR3-FinalExtPrecision
  Units:=:vmr
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/ExtinctionR3-FinalExt/Data Fields/L2gpValue
  volume:=:504519
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:ExtinctionR3-FinalExt
  Units:=:vmr
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/ExtinctionR3-FinalExt/Data Fields/Quality
  volume:=:427
  Units:=:NoUnits
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:ExtinctionR3-FinalExtQuality
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/ExtinctionR3-FinalExt/Data Fields/Status
  volume:=:426
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:ExtinctionR3-FinalExtStatus
  Units:=:NoUnits
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/ExtinctionR3-FinalExt/Geolocation Fields/ChunkNumber
  volume:=:1852
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:ChunkNumber
  Units:=:NoUnits
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/ExtinctionR3-FinalExt/Geolocation Fields/Frequency
  volume:=:4
  _FillValue:=:
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  Title:=:Frequency
  Units:=:GHz
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/ExtinctionR3-FinalExt/Geolocation Fields/Latitude
  volume:=:14322
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  MissingValue:=:
  Title:=:Latitude
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/ExtinctionR3-FinalExt/Geolocation Fields/LineOfSightAngle
  volume:=:13010
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:LineOfSightAngle
  Units:=:deg
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/ExtinctionR3-FinalExt/Geolocation Fields/LocalSolarTime
  volume:=:14074
  Units:=:h
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:LocalSolarTime
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/ExtinctionR3-FinalExt/Geolocation Fields/Longitude
  volume:=:14269
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:Longitude
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/ExtinctionR3-FinalExt/Geolocation Fields/OrbitGeodeticAngle
  volume:=:5868
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:OrbitGeodeticAngle
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/ExtinctionR3-FinalExt/Geolocation Fields/Pressure
  volume:=:188
  _FillValue:=:
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  Title:=:Pressure
  Units:=:hPa
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:Aura-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/ExtinctionR3-FinalExt/Geolocation Fields/SolarZenithAngle
  volume:=:14213
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:SolarZenithAngle
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/ExtinctionR3-FinalExt/Geolocation Fields/Time
  volume:=:19031
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:Time
  Units:=:s
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:Aura-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/ExtinctionR3-FinalExt/nFreqs
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
  REFERENCE_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/ExtinctionR3-FinalExt/nLevels
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
  REFERENCE_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/ExtinctionR3-FinalExt/nTimes
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
  REFERENCE_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/ExtinctionR3-FinalExt/nTimesTotal
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/ExtinctionR3-InitExt/Data Fields/Convergence
  volume:=:427
  Units:=:NoUnits
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:ExtinctionR3-InitExtConvergence
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/ExtinctionR3-InitExt/Data Fields/L2gpPrecision
  volume:=:471107
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:ExtinctionR3-InitExtPrecision
  Units:=:vmr
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/ExtinctionR3-InitExt/Data Fields/L2gpValue
  volume:=:490075
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:ExtinctionR3-InitExt
  Units:=:vmr
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/ExtinctionR3-InitExt/Data Fields/Quality
  volume:=:427
  Units:=:NoUnits
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:ExtinctionR3-InitExtQuality
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/ExtinctionR3-InitExt/Data Fields/Status
  volume:=:426
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:ExtinctionR3-InitExtStatus
  Units:=:NoUnits
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/ExtinctionR3-InitExt/Geolocation Fields/ChunkNumber
  volume:=:1852
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:ChunkNumber
  Units:=:NoUnits
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/ExtinctionR3-InitExt/Geolocation Fields/Frequency
  volume:=:4
  _FillValue:=:
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  Title:=:Frequency
  Units:=:GHz
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/ExtinctionR3-InitExt/Geolocation Fields/Latitude
  volume:=:14322
  Title:=:Latitude
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  MissingValue:=:
  Units:=:deg
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/ExtinctionR3-InitExt/Geolocation Fields/LineOfSightAngle
  volume:=:13010
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:LineOfSightAngle
  Units:=:deg
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/ExtinctionR3-InitExt/Geolocation Fields/LocalSolarTime
  volume:=:14074
  Units:=:h
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:LocalSolarTime
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/ExtinctionR3-InitExt/Geolocation Fields/Longitude
  volume:=:14269
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
  Title:=:Longitude
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/ExtinctionR3-InitExt/Geolocation Fields/OrbitGeodeticAngle
  volume:=:5868
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:OrbitGeodeticAngle
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/ExtinctionR3-InitExt/Geolocation Fields/Pressure
  volume:=:188
  _FillValue:=:
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  Title:=:Pressure
  Units:=:hPa
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:Aura-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/ExtinctionR3-InitExt/Geolocation Fields/SolarZenithAngle
  volume:=:14213
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:SolarZenithAngle
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/ExtinctionR3-InitExt/Geolocation Fields/Time
  volume:=:19031
  _FillValue:=:
  Units:=:s
  MissingValue:=:
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:Aura-Shared
  Title:=:Time
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/ExtinctionR3-InitExt/nFreqs
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
  REFERENCE_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/ExtinctionR3-InitExt/nLevels
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
  REFERENCE_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/ExtinctionR3-InitExt/nTimes
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
  REFERENCE_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/ExtinctionR3-InitExt/nTimesTotal
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/GPH-APriori/Data Fields/Convergence
  volume:=:427
  Units:=:NoUnits
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:GPH-APrioriConvergence
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/GPH-APriori/Data Fields/L2gpPrecision
  volume:=:4778
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:GPH-APrioriPrecision
  Units:=:vmr
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/GPH-APriori/Data Fields/L2gpValue
  volume:=:677856
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:GPH-APriori
  Units:=:vmr
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/GPH-APriori/Data Fields/Quality
  volume:=:427
  Units:=:NoUnits
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:GPH-APrioriQuality
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/GPH-APriori/Data Fields/Status
  volume:=:426
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:GPH-APrioriStatus
  Units:=:NoUnits
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/GPH-APriori/Geolocation Fields/ChunkNumber
  volume:=:1852
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:ChunkNumber
  Units:=:NoUnits
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/GPH-APriori/Geolocation Fields/Latitude
  volume:=:14322
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  MissingValue:=:
  Title:=:Latitude
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/GPH-APriori/Geolocation Fields/LineOfSightAngle
  volume:=:13010
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:LineOfSightAngle
  Units:=:deg
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/GPH-APriori/Geolocation Fields/LocalSolarTime
  volume:=:14074
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:LocalSolarTime
  Units:=:h
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/GPH-APriori/Geolocation Fields/Longitude
  volume:=:14269
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:Longitude
  Units:=:deg
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/GPH-APriori/Geolocation Fields/OrbitGeodeticAngle
  volume:=:5868
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:OrbitGeodeticAngle
  Units:=:deg
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/GPH-APriori/Geolocation Fields/Pressure
  volume:=:220
  _FillValue:=:
  MissingValue:=:
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  Title:=:Pressure
  Units:=:hPa
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:Aura-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/GPH-APriori/Geolocation Fields/SolarZenithAngle
  volume:=:14213
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:SolarZenithAngle
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/GPH-APriori/Geolocation Fields/Time
  volume:=:19031
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:Time
  Units:=:s
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:Aura-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/GPH-APriori/nLevels
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
  REFERENCE_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/GPH-APriori/nTimes
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
  REFERENCE_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/GPH-APriori/nTimesTotal
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/GPH-StdProd/Data Fields/Convergence
  volume:=:2526
  Units:=:NoUnits
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:GPH-StdProdConvergence
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/GPH-StdProd/Data Fields/L2gpPrecision
  volume:=:692613
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:GPH-StdProdPrecision
  Units:=:vmr
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/GPH-StdProd/Data Fields/L2gpValue
  volume:=:690859
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:GPH-StdProd
  Units:=:vmr
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/GPH-StdProd/Data Fields/Quality
  volume:=:9380
  Units:=:NoUnits
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:GPH-StdProdQuality
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/GPH-StdProd/Data Fields/Status
  volume:=:1213
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:GPH-StdProdStatus
  Units:=:NoUnits
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/GPH-StdProd/Geolocation Fields/ChunkNumber
  volume:=:1852
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:ChunkNumber
  Units:=:NoUnits
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/GPH-StdProd/Geolocation Fields/Latitude
  volume:=:14322
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  MissingValue:=:
  Title:=:Latitude
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/GPH-StdProd/Geolocation Fields/LineOfSightAngle
  volume:=:13010
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:LineOfSightAngle
  Units:=:deg
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/GPH-StdProd/Geolocation Fields/LocalSolarTime
  volume:=:14074
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:LocalSolarTime
  Units:=:h
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/GPH-StdProd/Geolocation Fields/Longitude
  volume:=:14269
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:Longitude
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/GPH-StdProd/Geolocation Fields/OrbitGeodeticAngle
  volume:=:5868
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:OrbitGeodeticAngle
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/GPH-StdProd/Geolocation Fields/Pressure
  volume:=:220
  _FillValue:=:
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  Title:=:Pressure
  Units:=:hPa
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:Aura-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/GPH-StdProd/Geolocation Fields/SolarZenithAngle
  volume:=:14213
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:SolarZenithAngle
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/GPH-StdProd/Geolocation Fields/Time
  volume:=:19031
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:Time
  Units:=:s
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:Aura-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/GPH-StdProd/nLevels
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
  REFERENCE_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/GPH-StdProd/nTimes
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
  REFERENCE_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/GPH-StdProd/nTimesTotal
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/H2O-190/Data Fields/Convergence
  volume:=:2519
  Units:=:NoUnits
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:H2O-190Convergence
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/H2O-190/Data Fields/L2gpPrecision
  volume:=:554757
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:H2O-190Precision
  Units:=:vmr
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/H2O-190/Data Fields/L2gpValue
  volume:=:632591
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:H2O-190
  Units:=:vmr
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/H2O-190/Data Fields/Quality
  volume:=:9435
  Units:=:NoUnits
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:H2O-190Quality
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/H2O-190/Data Fields/Status
  volume:=:941
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:H2O-190Status
  Units:=:NoUnits
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/H2O-190/Geolocation Fields/ChunkNumber
  volume:=:1852
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:ChunkNumber
  Units:=:NoUnits
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/H2O-190/Geolocation Fields/Latitude
  volume:=:14322
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  MissingValue:=:
  Title:=:Latitude
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/H2O-190/Geolocation Fields/LineOfSightAngle
  volume:=:13010
  Units:=:deg
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:LineOfSightAngle
  MissingValue:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/H2O-190/Geolocation Fields/LocalSolarTime
  volume:=:14074
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:LocalSolarTime
  Units:=:h
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/H2O-190/Geolocation Fields/Longitude
  volume:=:14269
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:Longitude
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/H2O-190/Geolocation Fields/OrbitGeodeticAngle
  volume:=:5868
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:OrbitGeodeticAngle
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/H2O-190/Geolocation Fields/Pressure
  volume:=:220
  _FillValue:=:
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  Title:=:Pressure
  Units:=:hPa
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:Aura-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/H2O-190/Geolocation Fields/SolarZenithAngle
  volume:=:14213
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:SolarZenithAngle
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/H2O-190/Geolocation Fields/Time
  volume:=:19031
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:Time
  Units:=:s
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:Aura-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/H2O-190/nLevels
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
  REFERENCE_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/H2O-190/nTimes
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
  REFERENCE_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/H2O-190/nTimesTotal
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/H2O-APriori/Data Fields/Convergence
  volume:=:427
  Units:=:NoUnits
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:H2O-APrioriConvergence
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/H2O-APriori/Data Fields/L2gpPrecision
  volume:=:10015
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:H2O-APrioriPrecision
  Units:=:vmr
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/H2O-APriori/Data Fields/L2gpValue
  volume:=:610178
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:H2O-APriori
  Units:=:vmr
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/H2O-APriori/Data Fields/Quality
  volume:=:427
  Units:=:NoUnits
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:H2O-APrioriQuality
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/H2O-APriori/Data Fields/Status
  volume:=:426
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:H2O-APrioriStatus
  Units:=:NoUnits
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/H2O-APriori/Geolocation Fields/ChunkNumber
  volume:=:1852
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:ChunkNumber
  Units:=:NoUnits
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/H2O-APriori/Geolocation Fields/Latitude
  volume:=:14322
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  MissingValue:=:
  Title:=:Latitude
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/H2O-APriori/Geolocation Fields/LineOfSightAngle
  volume:=:13010
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:LineOfSightAngle
  Units:=:deg
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/H2O-APriori/Geolocation Fields/LocalSolarTime
  volume:=:14074
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:LocalSolarTime
  Units:=:h
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/H2O-APriori/Geolocation Fields/Longitude
  volume:=:14269
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:Longitude
  Units:=:deg
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/H2O-APriori/Geolocation Fields/OrbitGeodeticAngle
  volume:=:5868
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:OrbitGeodeticAngle
  Units:=:deg
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/H2O-APriori/Geolocation Fields/Pressure
  volume:=:220
  _FillValue:=:
  MissingValue:=:
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  Title:=:Pressure
  Units:=:hPa
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:Aura-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/H2O-APriori/Geolocation Fields/SolarZenithAngle
  volume:=:14213
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:SolarZenithAngle
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/H2O-APriori/Geolocation Fields/Time
  volume:=:19031
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:Time
  Units:=:s
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:Aura-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/H2O-APriori/nLevels
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
  REFERENCE_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/H2O-APriori/nTimes
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
  REFERENCE_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/H2O-APriori/nTimesTotal
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/H2O-APrioriR2/Data Fields/Convergence
  volume:=:427
  Units:=:NoUnits
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:H2O-APrioriR2Convergence
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/H2O-APrioriR2/Data Fields/L2gpPrecision
  volume:=:83547
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:H2O-APrioriR2Precision
  Units:=:vmr
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/H2O-APrioriR2/Data Fields/L2gpValue
  volume:=:616409
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:H2O-APrioriR2
  Units:=:vmr
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/H2O-APrioriR2/Data Fields/Quality
  volume:=:427
  Units:=:NoUnits
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:H2O-APrioriR2Quality
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/H2O-APrioriR2/Data Fields/Status
  volume:=:426
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:H2O-APrioriR2Status
  Units:=:NoUnits
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/H2O-APrioriR2/Geolocation Fields/ChunkNumber
  volume:=:1852
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:ChunkNumber
  Units:=:NoUnits
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/H2O-APrioriR2/Geolocation Fields/Latitude
  volume:=:14322
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  MissingValue:=:
  Title:=:Latitude
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/H2O-APrioriR2/Geolocation Fields/LineOfSightAngle
  volume:=:13010
  Units:=:deg
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:LineOfSightAngle
  MissingValue:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/H2O-APrioriR2/Geolocation Fields/LocalSolarTime
  volume:=:14074
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:LocalSolarTime
  Units:=:h
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/H2O-APrioriR2/Geolocation Fields/Longitude
  volume:=:14269
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:Longitude
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/H2O-APrioriR2/Geolocation Fields/OrbitGeodeticAngle
  volume:=:5868
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:OrbitGeodeticAngle
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/H2O-APrioriR2/Geolocation Fields/Pressure
  volume:=:220
  _FillValue:=:
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  Title:=:Pressure
  Units:=:hPa
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:Aura-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/H2O-APrioriR2/Geolocation Fields/SolarZenithAngle
  volume:=:14213
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:SolarZenithAngle
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/H2O-APrioriR2/Geolocation Fields/Time
  volume:=:19031
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:Time
  Units:=:s
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:Aura-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/H2O-APrioriR2/nLevels
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
  REFERENCE_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/H2O-APrioriR2/nTimes
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
  REFERENCE_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/H2O-APrioriR2/nTimesTotal
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/H2O-Core/Data Fields/Convergence
  volume:=:427
  Units:=:NoUnits
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:H2O-CoreConvergence
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/H2O-Core/Data Fields/L2gpPrecision
  volume:=:492506
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:H2O-CorePrecision
  Units:=:vmr
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/H2O-Core/Data Fields/L2gpValue
  volume:=:631909
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:H2O-Core
  Units:=:vmr
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/H2O-Core/Data Fields/Quality
  volume:=:427
  Units:=:NoUnits
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:H2O-CoreQuality
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/H2O-Core/Data Fields/Status
  volume:=:426
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:H2O-CoreStatus
  Units:=:NoUnits
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/H2O-Core/Geolocation Fields/ChunkNumber
  volume:=:1852
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:ChunkNumber
  Units:=:NoUnits
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/H2O-Core/Geolocation Fields/Latitude
  volume:=:14322
  Title:=:Latitude
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Units:=:deg
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/H2O-Core/Geolocation Fields/LineOfSightAngle
  volume:=:13010
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:LineOfSightAngle
  Units:=:deg
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/H2O-Core/Geolocation Fields/LocalSolarTime
  volume:=:14074
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:LocalSolarTime
  Units:=:h
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/H2O-Core/Geolocation Fields/Longitude
  volume:=:14269
  _FillValue:=:
  Units:=:deg
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
  Title:=:Longitude
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/H2O-Core/Geolocation Fields/OrbitGeodeticAngle
  volume:=:5868
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:OrbitGeodeticAngle
  Units:=:deg
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/H2O-Core/Geolocation Fields/Pressure
  volume:=:220
  _FillValue:=:
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:Aura-Shared
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  Title:=:Pressure
  Units:=:hPa
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/H2O-Core/Geolocation Fields/SolarZenithAngle
  volume:=:14213
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:SolarZenithAngle
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/H2O-Core/Geolocation Fields/Time
  volume:=:19031
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:Time
  Units:=:s
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:Aura-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/H2O-Core/nLevels
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
  REFERENCE_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/H2O-Core/nTimes
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
  REFERENCE_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/H2O-Core/nTimesTotal
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/H2O-InitR2/Data Fields/Convergence
  volume:=:427
  Units:=:NoUnits
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:H2O-InitR2Convergence
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/H2O-InitR2/Data Fields/L2gpPrecision
  volume:=:492506
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:H2O-InitR2Precision
  Units:=:vmr
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/H2O-InitR2/Data Fields/L2gpValue
  volume:=:627776
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:H2O-InitR2
  Units:=:vmr
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/H2O-InitR2/Data Fields/Quality
  volume:=:427
  Units:=:NoUnits
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:H2O-InitR2Quality
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/H2O-InitR2/Data Fields/Status
  volume:=:426
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:H2O-InitR2Status
  Units:=:NoUnits
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/H2O-InitR2/Geolocation Fields/ChunkNumber
  volume:=:1852
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:ChunkNumber
  Units:=:NoUnits
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/H2O-InitR2/Geolocation Fields/Latitude
  volume:=:14322
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  MissingValue:=:
  Title:=:Latitude
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/H2O-InitR2/Geolocation Fields/LineOfSightAngle
  volume:=:13010
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:LineOfSightAngle
  Units:=:deg
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/H2O-InitR2/Geolocation Fields/LocalSolarTime
  volume:=:14074
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:LocalSolarTime
  Units:=:h
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/H2O-InitR2/Geolocation Fields/Longitude
  volume:=:14269
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:Longitude
  Units:=:deg
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/H2O-InitR2/Geolocation Fields/OrbitGeodeticAngle
  volume:=:5868
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:OrbitGeodeticAngle
  Units:=:deg
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/H2O-InitR2/Geolocation Fields/Pressure
  volume:=:220
  _FillValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:Aura-Shared
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  Title:=:Pressure
  Units:=:hPa
  MissingValue:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/H2O-InitR2/Geolocation Fields/SolarZenithAngle
  volume:=:14213
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:SolarZenithAngle
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/H2O-InitR2/Geolocation Fields/Time
  volume:=:19031
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:Time
  Units:=:s
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:Aura-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/H2O-InitR2/nLevels
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
  REFERENCE_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/H2O-InitR2/nTimes
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
  REFERENCE_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/H2O-InitR2/nTimesTotal
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/H2O-InitRHi/Data Fields/Convergence
  volume:=:427
  Units:=:NoUnits
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:H2O-InitRHiConvergence
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/H2O-InitRHi/Data Fields/L2gpPrecision
  volume:=:318848
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:H2O-InitRHiPrecision
  Units:=:vmr
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/H2O-InitRHi/Data Fields/L2gpValue
  volume:=:403132
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:H2O-InitRHi
  Units:=:vmr
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/H2O-InitRHi/Data Fields/Quality
  volume:=:427
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:H2O-InitRHiQuality
  Units:=:NoUnits
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/H2O-InitRHi/Data Fields/Status
  volume:=:426
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:H2O-InitRHiStatus
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  Units:=:NoUnits
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/H2O-InitRHi/Geolocation Fields/ChunkNumber
  volume:=:1852
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:ChunkNumber
  Units:=:NoUnits
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/H2O-InitRHi/Geolocation Fields/Latitude
  volume:=:14322
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  MissingValue:=:
  Title:=:Latitude
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/H2O-InitRHi/Geolocation Fields/LineOfSightAngle
  volume:=:13010
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:LineOfSightAngle
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/H2O-InitRHi/Geolocation Fields/LocalSolarTime
  volume:=:14074
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:LocalSolarTime
  Units:=:h
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/H2O-InitRHi/Geolocation Fields/Longitude
  volume:=:14269
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:Longitude
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/H2O-InitRHi/Geolocation Fields/OrbitGeodeticAngle
  volume:=:5868
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:OrbitGeodeticAngle
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/H2O-InitRHi/Geolocation Fields/Pressure
  volume:=:148
  _FillValue:=:
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  Title:=:Pressure
  Units:=:hPa
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:Aura-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/H2O-InitRHi/Geolocation Fields/SolarZenithAngle
  volume:=:14213
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:SolarZenithAngle
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/H2O-InitRHi/Geolocation Fields/Time
  volume:=:19031
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:Time
  Units:=:s
  MissingValue:=:
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:Aura-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/H2O-InitRHi/nLevels
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
  REFERENCE_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/H2O-InitRHi/nTimes
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
  REFERENCE_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/H2O-InitRHi/nTimesTotal
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/H2O-InitUTH/Data Fields/Convergence
  volume:=:427
  Units:=:NoUnits
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:H2O-InitUTHConvergence
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/H2O-InitUTH/Data Fields/L2gpPrecision
  volume:=:347001
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:H2O-InitUTHPrecision
  Units:=:vmr
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/H2O-InitUTH/Data Fields/L2gpValue
  volume:=:402789
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:H2O-InitUTH
  Units:=:vmr
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/H2O-InitUTH/Data Fields/Quality
  volume:=:427
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:H2O-InitUTHQuality
  Units:=:NoUnits
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/H2O-InitUTH/Data Fields/Status
  volume:=:426
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:H2O-InitUTHStatus
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  Units:=:NoUnits
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/H2O-InitUTH/Geolocation Fields/ChunkNumber
  volume:=:1852
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:ChunkNumber
  Units:=:NoUnits
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/H2O-InitUTH/Geolocation Fields/Latitude
  volume:=:14322
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
  Title:=:Latitude
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/H2O-InitUTH/Geolocation Fields/LineOfSightAngle
  volume:=:13010
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:LineOfSightAngle
  Units:=:deg
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/H2O-InitUTH/Geolocation Fields/LocalSolarTime
  volume:=:14074
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:LocalSolarTime
  Units:=:h
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/H2O-InitUTH/Geolocation Fields/Longitude
  volume:=:14269
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:Longitude
  Units:=:deg
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/H2O-InitUTH/Geolocation Fields/OrbitGeodeticAngle
  volume:=:5868
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:OrbitGeodeticAngle
  Units:=:deg
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/H2O-InitUTH/Geolocation Fields/Pressure
  volume:=:148
  _FillValue:=:
  MissingValue:=:
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  Title:=:Pressure
  Units:=:hPa
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:Aura-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/H2O-InitUTH/Geolocation Fields/SolarZenithAngle
  volume:=:14213
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:SolarZenithAngle
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/H2O-InitUTH/Geolocation Fields/Time
  volume:=:19031
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:Time
  Units:=:s
  MissingValue:=:
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:Aura-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/H2O-InitUTH/nLevels
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
  REFERENCE_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/H2O-InitUTH/nTimes
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
  REFERENCE_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/H2O-InitUTH/nTimesTotal
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/H2O-StdProd/Data Fields/Convergence
  volume:=:2519
  Units:=:NoUnits
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:H2O-StdProdConvergence
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/H2O-StdProd/Data Fields/L2gpPrecision
  volume:=:554757
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:H2O-StdProdPrecision
  Units:=:vmr
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/H2O-StdProd/Data Fields/L2gpValue
  volume:=:632591
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:H2O-StdProd
  Units:=:vmr
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/H2O-StdProd/Data Fields/Quality
  volume:=:9435
  Units:=:NoUnits
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:H2O-StdProdQuality
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/H2O-StdProd/Data Fields/Status
  volume:=:941
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:H2O-StdProdStatus
  Units:=:NoUnits
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/H2O-StdProd/Geolocation Fields/ChunkNumber
  volume:=:1852
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:ChunkNumber
  Units:=:NoUnits
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/H2O-StdProd/Geolocation Fields/Latitude
  volume:=:14322
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  MissingValue:=:
  Title:=:Latitude
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/H2O-StdProd/Geolocation Fields/LineOfSightAngle
  volume:=:13010
  Units:=:deg
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:LineOfSightAngle
  MissingValue:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/H2O-StdProd/Geolocation Fields/LocalSolarTime
  volume:=:14074
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:LocalSolarTime
  Units:=:h
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/H2O-StdProd/Geolocation Fields/Longitude
  volume:=:14269
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:Longitude
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/H2O-StdProd/Geolocation Fields/OrbitGeodeticAngle
  volume:=:5868
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:OrbitGeodeticAngle
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/H2O-StdProd/Geolocation Fields/Pressure
  volume:=:220
  _FillValue:=:
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  Title:=:Pressure
  Units:=:hPa
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:Aura-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/H2O-StdProd/Geolocation Fields/SolarZenithAngle
  volume:=:14213
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:SolarZenithAngle
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/H2O-StdProd/Geolocation Fields/Time
  volume:=:19031
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:Time
  Units:=:s
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:Aura-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/H2O-StdProd/nLevels
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
  REFERENCE_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/H2O-StdProd/nTimes
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
  REFERENCE_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/H2O-StdProd/nTimesTotal
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/HCN-190/Data Fields/Convergence
  volume:=:2519
  Units:=:NoUnits
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:HCN-190Convergence
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/HCN-190/Data Fields/L2gpPrecision
  volume:=:272634
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:HCN-190Precision
  Units:=:vmr
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/HCN-190/Data Fields/L2gpValue
  volume:=:291336
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:HCN-190
  Units:=:vmr
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/HCN-190/Data Fields/Quality
  volume:=:9158
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:HCN-190Quality
  Units:=:NoUnits
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/HCN-190/Data Fields/Status
  volume:=:941
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:HCN-190Status
  Units:=:NoUnits
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/HCN-190/Geolocation Fields/ChunkNumber
  volume:=:1852
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:ChunkNumber
  Units:=:NoUnits
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/HCN-190/Geolocation Fields/Latitude
  volume:=:14322
  _FillValue:=:
  Units:=:deg
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
  Title:=:Latitude
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/HCN-190/Geolocation Fields/LineOfSightAngle
  volume:=:13010
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:LineOfSightAngle
  Units:=:deg
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/HCN-190/Geolocation Fields/LocalSolarTime
  volume:=:14074
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:LocalSolarTime
  Units:=:h
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/HCN-190/Geolocation Fields/Longitude
  volume:=:14269
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:Longitude
  Units:=:deg
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/HCN-190/Geolocation Fields/OrbitGeodeticAngle
  volume:=:5868
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:OrbitGeodeticAngle
  Units:=:deg
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/HCN-190/Geolocation Fields/Pressure
  volume:=:148
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:Pressure
  Units:=:hPa
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:Aura-Shared
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/HCN-190/Geolocation Fields/SolarZenithAngle
  volume:=:14213
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:SolarZenithAngle
  Units:=:deg
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/HCN-190/Geolocation Fields/Time
  volume:=:19031
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:Time
  Units:=:s
  MissingValue:=:
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:Aura-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/HCN-190/nLevels
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
  REFERENCE_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/HCN-190/nTimes
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
  REFERENCE_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/HCN-190/nTimesTotal
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/HCN-APriori/Data Fields/Convergence
  volume:=:427
  Units:=:NoUnits
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:HCN-APrioriConvergence
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/HCN-APriori/Data Fields/L2gpPrecision
  volume:=:3520
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:HCN-APrioriPrecision
  Units:=:vmr
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/HCN-APriori/Data Fields/L2gpValue
  volume:=:224695
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:HCN-APriori
  Units:=:vmr
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/HCN-APriori/Data Fields/Quality
  volume:=:427
  Units:=:NoUnits
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:HCN-APrioriQuality
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/HCN-APriori/Data Fields/Status
  volume:=:426
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:HCN-APrioriStatus
  Units:=:NoUnits
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/HCN-APriori/Geolocation Fields/ChunkNumber
  volume:=:1852
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:ChunkNumber
  Units:=:NoUnits
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/HCN-APriori/Geolocation Fields/Latitude
  volume:=:14322
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
  Title:=:Latitude
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/HCN-APriori/Geolocation Fields/LineOfSightAngle
  volume:=:13010
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:LineOfSightAngle
  Units:=:deg
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/HCN-APriori/Geolocation Fields/LocalSolarTime
  volume:=:14074
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:LocalSolarTime
  Units:=:h
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/HCN-APriori/Geolocation Fields/Longitude
  volume:=:14269
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:Longitude
  Units:=:deg
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/HCN-APriori/Geolocation Fields/OrbitGeodeticAngle
  volume:=:5868
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:OrbitGeodeticAngle
  Units:=:deg
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/HCN-APriori/Geolocation Fields/Pressure
  volume:=:148
  _FillValue:=:
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:Aura-Shared
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  Title:=:Pressure
  Units:=:hPa
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/HCN-APriori/Geolocation Fields/SolarZenithAngle
  volume:=:14213
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:SolarZenithAngle
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/HCN-APriori/Geolocation Fields/Time
  volume:=:19031
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:Time
  Units:=:s
  MissingValue:=:
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:Aura-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/HCN-APriori/nLevels
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
  REFERENCE_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/HCN-APriori/nTimes
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
  REFERENCE_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/HCN-APriori/nTimesTotal
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/HCN-InitR2/Data Fields/Convergence
  volume:=:427
  Units:=:NoUnits
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:HCN-InitR2Convergence
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/HCN-InitR2/Data Fields/L2gpPrecision
  volume:=:272395
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:HCN-InitR2Precision
  Units:=:vmr
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/HCN-InitR2/Data Fields/L2gpValue
  volume:=:292120
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:HCN-InitR2
  Units:=:vmr
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/HCN-InitR2/Data Fields/Quality
  volume:=:427
  Units:=:NoUnits
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:HCN-InitR2Quality
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/HCN-InitR2/Data Fields/Status
  volume:=:426
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:HCN-InitR2Status
  Units:=:NoUnits
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/HCN-InitR2/Geolocation Fields/ChunkNumber
  volume:=:1852
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:ChunkNumber
  Units:=:NoUnits
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/HCN-InitR2/Geolocation Fields/Latitude
  volume:=:14322
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
  Title:=:Latitude
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/HCN-InitR2/Geolocation Fields/LineOfSightAngle
  volume:=:13010
  Units:=:deg
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:LineOfSightAngle
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/HCN-InitR2/Geolocation Fields/LocalSolarTime
  volume:=:14074
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:LocalSolarTime
  Units:=:h
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/HCN-InitR2/Geolocation Fields/Longitude
  volume:=:14269
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:Longitude
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/HCN-InitR2/Geolocation Fields/OrbitGeodeticAngle
  volume:=:5868
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:OrbitGeodeticAngle
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/HCN-InitR2/Geolocation Fields/Pressure
  volume:=:148
  _FillValue:=:
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  Title:=:Pressure
  Units:=:hPa
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:Aura-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/HCN-InitR2/Geolocation Fields/SolarZenithAngle
  volume:=:14213
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:SolarZenithAngle
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/HCN-InitR2/Geolocation Fields/Time
  volume:=:19031
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:Time
  Units:=:s
  MissingValue:=:
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:Aura-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/HCN-InitR2/nLevels
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
  REFERENCE_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/HCN-InitR2/nTimes
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
  REFERENCE_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/HCN-InitR2/nTimesTotal
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/HCN-StdProd/Data Fields/Convergence
  volume:=:2519
  Units:=:NoUnits
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:HCN-StdProdConvergence
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/HCN-StdProd/Data Fields/L2gpPrecision
  volume:=:272634
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:HCN-StdProdPrecision
  Units:=:vmr
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/HCN-StdProd/Data Fields/L2gpValue
  volume:=:291336
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:HCN-StdProd
  Units:=:vmr
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/HCN-StdProd/Data Fields/Quality
  volume:=:9158
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:HCN-StdProdQuality
  Units:=:NoUnits
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/HCN-StdProd/Data Fields/Status
  volume:=:941
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:HCN-StdProdStatus
  Units:=:NoUnits
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/HCN-StdProd/Geolocation Fields/ChunkNumber
  volume:=:1852
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:ChunkNumber
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  Units:=:NoUnits
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/HCN-StdProd/Geolocation Fields/Latitude
  volume:=:14322
  _FillValue:=:
  Units:=:deg
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
  Title:=:Latitude
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/HCN-StdProd/Geolocation Fields/LineOfSightAngle
  volume:=:13010
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:LineOfSightAngle
  Units:=:deg
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/HCN-StdProd/Geolocation Fields/LocalSolarTime
  volume:=:14074
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:LocalSolarTime
  Units:=:h
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/HCN-StdProd/Geolocation Fields/Longitude
  volume:=:14269
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:Longitude
  Units:=:deg
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/HCN-StdProd/Geolocation Fields/OrbitGeodeticAngle
  volume:=:5868
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:OrbitGeodeticAngle
  Units:=:deg
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/HCN-StdProd/Geolocation Fields/Pressure
  volume:=:148
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:Pressure
  Units:=:hPa
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:Aura-Shared
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/HCN-StdProd/Geolocation Fields/SolarZenithAngle
  volume:=:14213
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:SolarZenithAngle
  Units:=:deg
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/HCN-StdProd/Geolocation Fields/Time
  volume:=:19031
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:Time
  Units:=:s
  MissingValue:=:
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:Aura-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/HCN-StdProd/nLevels
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
  REFERENCE_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/HCN-StdProd/nTimes
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
  REFERENCE_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/HCN-StdProd/nTimesTotal
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/HCl-640/Data Fields/Convergence
  volume:=:2521
  Units:=:NoUnits
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:HCl-640Convergence
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/HCl-640/Data Fields/L2gpPrecision
  volume:=:323050
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:HCl-640Precision
  Units:=:vmr
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/HCl-640/Data Fields/L2gpValue
  volume:=:398537
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:HCl-640
  Units:=:vmr
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/HCl-640/Data Fields/Quality
  volume:=:9934
  Units:=:NoUnits
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:HCl-640Quality
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/HCl-640/Data Fields/Status
  volume:=:1200
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:HCl-640Status
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  Units:=:NoUnits
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/HCl-640/Geolocation Fields/ChunkNumber
  volume:=:1852
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:ChunkNumber
  Units:=:NoUnits
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/HCl-640/Geolocation Fields/Latitude
  volume:=:14322
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
  Title:=:Latitude
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/HCl-640/Geolocation Fields/LineOfSightAngle
  volume:=:13010
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:LineOfSightAngle
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/HCl-640/Geolocation Fields/LocalSolarTime
  volume:=:14074
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:LocalSolarTime
  Units:=:h
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/HCl-640/Geolocation Fields/Longitude
  volume:=:14269
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:Longitude
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/HCl-640/Geolocation Fields/OrbitGeodeticAngle
  volume:=:5868
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:OrbitGeodeticAngle
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/HCl-640/Geolocation Fields/Pressure
  volume:=:148
  _FillValue:=:
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  Title:=:Pressure
  Units:=:hPa
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:Aura-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/HCl-640/Geolocation Fields/SolarZenithAngle
  volume:=:14213
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:SolarZenithAngle
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/HCl-640/Geolocation Fields/Time
  volume:=:19031
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:Time
  Units:=:s
  MissingValue:=:
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:Aura-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/HCl-640/nLevels
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
  REFERENCE_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/HCl-640/nTimes
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
  REFERENCE_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/HCl-640/nTimesTotal
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/HCl-640-B13/Data Fields/Convergence
  volume:=:2529
  Units:=:NoUnits
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:HCl-640-B13Convergence
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/HCl-640-B13/Data Fields/L2gpPrecision
  volume:=:324575
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:HCl-640-B13Precision
  Units:=:vmr
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/HCl-640-B13/Data Fields/L2gpValue
  volume:=:400119
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:HCl-640-B13
  Units:=:vmr
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/HCl-640-B13/Data Fields/Quality
  volume:=:10051
  Units:=:NoUnits
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:HCl-640-B13Quality
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/HCl-640-B13/Data Fields/Status
  volume:=:1200
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:HCl-640-B13Status
  Units:=:NoUnits
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/HCl-640-B13/Geolocation Fields/ChunkNumber
  volume:=:1852
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:ChunkNumber
  Units:=:NoUnits
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/HCl-640-B13/Geolocation Fields/Latitude
  volume:=:14322
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
  Title:=:Latitude
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/HCl-640-B13/Geolocation Fields/LineOfSightAngle
  volume:=:13010
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:LineOfSightAngle
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/HCl-640-B13/Geolocation Fields/LocalSolarTime
  volume:=:14074
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:LocalSolarTime
  Units:=:h
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/HCl-640-B13/Geolocation Fields/Longitude
  volume:=:14269
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:Longitude
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/HCl-640-B13/Geolocation Fields/OrbitGeodeticAngle
  volume:=:5868
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:OrbitGeodeticAngle
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/HCl-640-B13/Geolocation Fields/Pressure
  volume:=:148
  _FillValue:=:
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  Title:=:Pressure
  Units:=:hPa
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:Aura-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/HCl-640-B13/Geolocation Fields/SolarZenithAngle
  volume:=:14213
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:SolarZenithAngle
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/HCl-640-B13/Geolocation Fields/Time
  volume:=:19031
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:Time
  Units:=:s
  MissingValue:=:
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:Aura-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/HCl-640-B13/nLevels
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
  REFERENCE_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/HCl-640-B13/nTimes
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
  REFERENCE_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/HCl-640-B13/nTimesTotal
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/HCl-APriori/Data Fields/Convergence
  volume:=:427
  Units:=:NoUnits
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:HCl-APrioriConvergence
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/HCl-APriori/Data Fields/L2gpPrecision
  volume:=:5715
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:HCl-APrioriPrecision
  Units:=:vmr
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/HCl-APriori/Data Fields/L2gpValue
  volume:=:211967
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:HCl-APriori
  Units:=:vmr
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/HCl-APriori/Data Fields/Quality
  volume:=:427
  Units:=:NoUnits
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:HCl-APrioriQuality
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/HCl-APriori/Data Fields/Status
  volume:=:426
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:HCl-APrioriStatus
  Units:=:NoUnits
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/HCl-APriori/Geolocation Fields/ChunkNumber
  volume:=:1852
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:ChunkNumber
  Units:=:NoUnits
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/HCl-APriori/Geolocation Fields/Latitude
  volume:=:14322
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
  Title:=:Latitude
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/HCl-APriori/Geolocation Fields/LineOfSightAngle
  volume:=:13010
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:LineOfSightAngle
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/HCl-APriori/Geolocation Fields/LocalSolarTime
  volume:=:14074
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:LocalSolarTime
  Units:=:h
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/HCl-APriori/Geolocation Fields/Longitude
  volume:=:14269
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:Longitude
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/HCl-APriori/Geolocation Fields/OrbitGeodeticAngle
  volume:=:5868
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:OrbitGeodeticAngle
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/HCl-APriori/Geolocation Fields/Pressure
  volume:=:148
  _FillValue:=:
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  Title:=:Pressure
  Units:=:hPa
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:Aura-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/HCl-APriori/Geolocation Fields/SolarZenithAngle
  volume:=:14213
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:SolarZenithAngle
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/HCl-APriori/Geolocation Fields/Time
  volume:=:19031
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:Time
  Units:=:s
  MissingValue:=:
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:Aura-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/HCl-APriori/nLevels
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
  REFERENCE_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/HCl-APriori/nTimes
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
  REFERENCE_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/HCl-APriori/nTimesTotal
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/HCl-StdProd/Data Fields/Convergence
  volume:=:2521
  Units:=:NoUnits
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:HCl-StdProdConvergence
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/HCl-StdProd/Data Fields/L2gpPrecision
  volume:=:323050
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:HCl-StdProdPrecision
  Units:=:vmr
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/HCl-StdProd/Data Fields/L2gpValue
  volume:=:398537
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:HCl-StdProd
  Units:=:vmr
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/HCl-StdProd/Data Fields/Quality
  volume:=:9934
  Units:=:NoUnits
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:HCl-StdProdQuality
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/HCl-StdProd/Data Fields/Status
  volume:=:1200
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:HCl-StdProdStatus
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  Units:=:NoUnits
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/HCl-StdProd/Geolocation Fields/ChunkNumber
  volume:=:1852
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:ChunkNumber
  Units:=:NoUnits
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/HCl-StdProd/Geolocation Fields/Latitude
  volume:=:14322
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
  Title:=:Latitude
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/HCl-StdProd/Geolocation Fields/LineOfSightAngle
  volume:=:13010
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:LineOfSightAngle
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/HCl-StdProd/Geolocation Fields/LocalSolarTime
  volume:=:14074
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:LocalSolarTime
  Units:=:h
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/HCl-StdProd/Geolocation Fields/Longitude
  volume:=:14269
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:Longitude
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/HCl-StdProd/Geolocation Fields/OrbitGeodeticAngle
  volume:=:5868
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:OrbitGeodeticAngle
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/HCl-StdProd/Geolocation Fields/Pressure
  volume:=:148
  _FillValue:=:
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  Title:=:Pressure
  Units:=:hPa
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:Aura-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/HCl-StdProd/Geolocation Fields/SolarZenithAngle
  volume:=:14213
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:SolarZenithAngle
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/HCl-StdProd/Geolocation Fields/Time
  volume:=:19031
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:Time
  Units:=:s
  MissingValue:=:
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:Aura-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/HCl-StdProd/nLevels
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
  REFERENCE_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/HCl-StdProd/nTimes
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
  REFERENCE_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/HCl-StdProd/nTimesTotal
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/HNO3-190/Data Fields/Convergence
  volume:=:2519
  Units:=:NoUnits
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:HNO3-190Convergence
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/HNO3-190/Data Fields/L2gpPrecision
  volume:=:275122
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:HNO3-190Precision
  Units:=:vmr
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/HNO3-190/Data Fields/L2gpValue
  volume:=:414727
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:HNO3-190
  Units:=:vmr
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/HNO3-190/Data Fields/Quality
  volume:=:9462
  Units:=:NoUnits
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:HNO3-190Quality
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/HNO3-190/Data Fields/Status
  volume:=:941
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:HNO3-190Status
  Units:=:NoUnits
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/HNO3-190/Geolocation Fields/ChunkNumber
  volume:=:1852
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:ChunkNumber
  Units:=:NoUnits
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/HNO3-190/Geolocation Fields/Latitude
  volume:=:14322
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
  Title:=:Latitude
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/HNO3-190/Geolocation Fields/LineOfSightAngle
  volume:=:13010
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:LineOfSightAngle
  Units:=:deg
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/HNO3-190/Geolocation Fields/LocalSolarTime
  volume:=:14074
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:LocalSolarTime
  Units:=:h
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/HNO3-190/Geolocation Fields/Longitude
  volume:=:14269
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:Longitude
  Units:=:deg
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/HNO3-190/Geolocation Fields/OrbitGeodeticAngle
  volume:=:5868
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:OrbitGeodeticAngle
  Units:=:deg
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/HNO3-190/Geolocation Fields/Pressure
  volume:=:148
  _FillValue:=:
  MissingValue:=:
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  Title:=:Pressure
  Units:=:hPa
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:Aura-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/HNO3-190/Geolocation Fields/SolarZenithAngle
  volume:=:14213
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:SolarZenithAngle
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/HNO3-190/Geolocation Fields/Time
  volume:=:19031
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:Time
  Units:=:s
  MissingValue:=:
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:Aura-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/HNO3-190/nLevels
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
  REFERENCE_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/HNO3-190/nTimes
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
  REFERENCE_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/HNO3-190/nTimesTotal
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/HNO3-240/Data Fields/Convergence
  volume:=:2529
  Units:=:NoUnits
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:HNO3-240Convergence
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/HNO3-240/Data Fields/L2gpPrecision
  volume:=:309565
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:HNO3-240Precision
  Units:=:vmr
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/HNO3-240/Data Fields/L2gpValue
  volume:=:428499
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:HNO3-240
  Units:=:vmr
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/HNO3-240/Data Fields/Quality
  volume:=:9503
  Units:=:NoUnits
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:HNO3-240Quality
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/HNO3-240/Data Fields/Status
  volume:=:1095
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:HNO3-240Status
  Units:=:NoUnits
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/HNO3-240/Geolocation Fields/ChunkNumber
  volume:=:1852
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:ChunkNumber
  Units:=:NoUnits
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/HNO3-240/Geolocation Fields/Latitude
  volume:=:14322
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
  Title:=:Latitude
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/HNO3-240/Geolocation Fields/LineOfSightAngle
  volume:=:13010
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:LineOfSightAngle
  Units:=:deg
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/HNO3-240/Geolocation Fields/LocalSolarTime
  volume:=:14074
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:LocalSolarTime
  Units:=:h
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/HNO3-240/Geolocation Fields/Longitude
  volume:=:14269
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:Longitude
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/HNO3-240/Geolocation Fields/OrbitGeodeticAngle
  volume:=:5868
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:OrbitGeodeticAngle
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/HNO3-240/Geolocation Fields/Pressure
  volume:=:148
  _FillValue:=:
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  Title:=:Pressure
  Units:=:hPa
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:Aura-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/HNO3-240/Geolocation Fields/SolarZenithAngle
  volume:=:14213
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:SolarZenithAngle
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/HNO3-240/Geolocation Fields/Time
  volume:=:19031
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:Time
  Units:=:s
  MissingValue:=:
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:Aura-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/HNO3-240/nLevels
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
  REFERENCE_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/HNO3-240/nTimes
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
  REFERENCE_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/HNO3-240/nTimesTotal
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/HNO3-640/Data Fields/Convergence
  volume:=:2521
  Units:=:NoUnits
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:HNO3-640Convergence
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/HNO3-640/Data Fields/L2gpPrecision
  volume:=:296755
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:HNO3-640Precision
  Units:=:vmr
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/HNO3-640/Data Fields/L2gpValue
  volume:=:429947
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:HNO3-640
  Units:=:vmr
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/HNO3-640/Data Fields/Quality
  volume:=:9872
  Units:=:NoUnits
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:HNO3-640Quality
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/HNO3-640/Data Fields/Status
  volume:=:1200
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:HNO3-640Status
  Units:=:NoUnits
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/HNO3-640/Geolocation Fields/ChunkNumber
  volume:=:1852
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:ChunkNumber
  Units:=:NoUnits
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/HNO3-640/Geolocation Fields/Latitude
  volume:=:14322
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
  Title:=:Latitude
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/HNO3-640/Geolocation Fields/LineOfSightAngle
  volume:=:13010
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:LineOfSightAngle
  Units:=:deg
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/HNO3-640/Geolocation Fields/LocalSolarTime
  volume:=:14074
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:LocalSolarTime
  Units:=:h
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/HNO3-640/Geolocation Fields/Longitude
  volume:=:14269
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:Longitude
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/HNO3-640/Geolocation Fields/OrbitGeodeticAngle
  volume:=:5868
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:OrbitGeodeticAngle
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/HNO3-640/Geolocation Fields/Pressure
  volume:=:148
  _FillValue:=:
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  Title:=:Pressure
  Units:=:hPa
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:Aura-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/HNO3-640/Geolocation Fields/SolarZenithAngle
  volume:=:14213
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:SolarZenithAngle
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/HNO3-640/Geolocation Fields/Time
  volume:=:19031
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:Time
  Units:=:s
  MissingValue:=:
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:Aura-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/HNO3-640/nLevels
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
  REFERENCE_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/HNO3-640/nTimes
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
  REFERENCE_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/HNO3-640/nTimesTotal
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/HNO3-APriori/Data Fields/Convergence
  volume:=:427
  Units:=:NoUnits
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:HNO3-APrioriConvergence
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/HNO3-APriori/Data Fields/L2gpPrecision
  volume:=:7469
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:HNO3-APrioriPrecision
  Units:=:vmr
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/HNO3-APriori/Data Fields/L2gpValue
  volume:=:412793
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:HNO3-APriori
  Units:=:vmr
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/HNO3-APriori/Data Fields/Quality
  volume:=:427
  Units:=:NoUnits
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:HNO3-APrioriQuality
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/HNO3-APriori/Data Fields/Status
  volume:=:426
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:HNO3-APrioriStatus
  Units:=:NoUnits
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/HNO3-APriori/Geolocation Fields/ChunkNumber
  volume:=:1852
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:ChunkNumber
  Units:=:NoUnits
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/HNO3-APriori/Geolocation Fields/Latitude
  volume:=:14322
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
  Title:=:Latitude
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/HNO3-APriori/Geolocation Fields/LineOfSightAngle
  volume:=:13010
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:LineOfSightAngle
  Units:=:deg
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/HNO3-APriori/Geolocation Fields/LocalSolarTime
  volume:=:14074
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:LocalSolarTime
  Units:=:h
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/HNO3-APriori/Geolocation Fields/Longitude
  volume:=:14269
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:Longitude
  Units:=:deg
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/HNO3-APriori/Geolocation Fields/OrbitGeodeticAngle
  volume:=:5868
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:OrbitGeodeticAngle
  Units:=:deg
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/HNO3-APriori/Geolocation Fields/Pressure
  volume:=:148
  _FillValue:=:
  MissingValue:=:
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  Title:=:Pressure
  Units:=:hPa
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:Aura-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/HNO3-APriori/Geolocation Fields/SolarZenithAngle
  volume:=:14213
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:SolarZenithAngle
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/HNO3-APriori/Geolocation Fields/Time
  volume:=:19031
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:Time
  Units:=:s
  MissingValue:=:
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:Aura-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/HNO3-APriori/nLevels
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
  REFERENCE_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/HNO3-APriori/nTimes
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
  REFERENCE_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/HNO3-APriori/nTimesTotal
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/HNO3-InitR2/Data Fields/Convergence
  volume:=:427
  Units:=:NoUnits
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:HNO3-InitR2Convergence
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/HNO3-InitR2/Data Fields/L2gpPrecision
  volume:=:240429
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:HNO3-InitR2Precision
  Units:=:vmr
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/HNO3-InitR2/Data Fields/L2gpValue
  volume:=:415820
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:HNO3-InitR2
  Units:=:vmr
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/HNO3-InitR2/Data Fields/Quality
  volume:=:427
  Units:=:NoUnits
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:HNO3-InitR2Quality
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/HNO3-InitR2/Data Fields/Status
  volume:=:426
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:HNO3-InitR2Status
  Units:=:NoUnits
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/HNO3-InitR2/Geolocation Fields/ChunkNumber
  volume:=:1852
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:ChunkNumber
  Units:=:NoUnits
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/HNO3-InitR2/Geolocation Fields/Latitude
  volume:=:14322
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
  Title:=:Latitude
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/HNO3-InitR2/Geolocation Fields/LineOfSightAngle
  volume:=:13010
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:LineOfSightAngle
  Units:=:deg
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/HNO3-InitR2/Geolocation Fields/LocalSolarTime
  volume:=:14074
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:LocalSolarTime
  Units:=:h
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/HNO3-InitR2/Geolocation Fields/Longitude
  volume:=:14269
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:Longitude
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/HNO3-InitR2/Geolocation Fields/OrbitGeodeticAngle
  volume:=:5868
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:OrbitGeodeticAngle
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/HNO3-InitR2/Geolocation Fields/Pressure
  volume:=:148
  _FillValue:=:
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  Title:=:Pressure
  Units:=:hPa
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:Aura-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/HNO3-InitR2/Geolocation Fields/SolarZenithAngle
  volume:=:14213
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:SolarZenithAngle
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/HNO3-InitR2/Geolocation Fields/Time
  volume:=:19031
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:Time
  Units:=:s
  MissingValue:=:
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:Aura-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/HNO3-InitR2/nLevels
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
  REFERENCE_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/HNO3-InitR2/nTimes
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
  REFERENCE_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/HNO3-InitR2/nTimesTotal
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/HNO3-StdProd/Data Fields/Convergence
  volume:=:2529
  Units:=:NoUnits
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:HNO3-StdProdConvergence
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/HNO3-StdProd/Data Fields/L2gpPrecision
  volume:=:314745
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:HNO3-StdProdPrecision
  Units:=:vmr
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/HNO3-StdProd/Data Fields/L2gpValue
  volume:=:414779
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:HNO3-StdProd
  Units:=:vmr
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/HNO3-StdProd/Data Fields/Quality
  volume:=:9503
  Units:=:NoUnits
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:HNO3-StdProdQuality
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/HNO3-StdProd/Data Fields/Status
  volume:=:1095
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:HNO3-StdProdStatus
  Units:=:NoUnits
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/HNO3-StdProd/Geolocation Fields/ChunkNumber
  volume:=:1852
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:ChunkNumber
  Units:=:NoUnits
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/HNO3-StdProd/Geolocation Fields/Latitude
  volume:=:14322
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
  Title:=:Latitude
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/HNO3-StdProd/Geolocation Fields/LineOfSightAngle
  volume:=:13010
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:LineOfSightAngle
  Units:=:deg
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/HNO3-StdProd/Geolocation Fields/LocalSolarTime
  volume:=:14074
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:LocalSolarTime
  Units:=:h
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/HNO3-StdProd/Geolocation Fields/Longitude
  volume:=:14269
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:Longitude
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/HNO3-StdProd/Geolocation Fields/OrbitGeodeticAngle
  volume:=:5868
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:OrbitGeodeticAngle
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/HNO3-StdProd/Geolocation Fields/Pressure
  volume:=:148
  _FillValue:=:
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  Title:=:Pressure
  Units:=:hPa
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:Aura-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/HNO3-StdProd/Geolocation Fields/SolarZenithAngle
  volume:=:14213
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:SolarZenithAngle
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/HNO3-StdProd/Geolocation Fields/Time
  volume:=:19031
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:Time
  Units:=:s
  MissingValue:=:
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:Aura-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/HNO3-StdProd/nLevels
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
  REFERENCE_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/HNO3-StdProd/nTimes
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
  REFERENCE_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/HNO3-StdProd/nTimesTotal
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/HO2-640/Data Fields/Convergence
  volume:=:2521
  Units:=:NoUnits
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:HO2-640Convergence
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/HO2-640/Data Fields/L2gpPrecision
  volume:=:329209
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:HO2-640Precision
  Units:=:vmr
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/HO2-640/Data Fields/L2gpValue
  volume:=:350268
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:HO2-640
  Units:=:vmr
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/HO2-640/Data Fields/Quality
  volume:=:9294
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:HO2-640Quality
  Units:=:NoUnits
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/HO2-640/Data Fields/Status
  volume:=:1200
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:HO2-640Status
  Units:=:NoUnits
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/HO2-640/Geolocation Fields/ChunkNumber
  volume:=:1852
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:ChunkNumber
  Units:=:NoUnits
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/HO2-640/Geolocation Fields/Latitude
  volume:=:14322
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
  Title:=:Latitude
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/HO2-640/Geolocation Fields/LineOfSightAngle
  volume:=:13010
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:LineOfSightAngle
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/HO2-640/Geolocation Fields/LocalSolarTime
  volume:=:14074
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:LocalSolarTime
  Units:=:h
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/HO2-640/Geolocation Fields/Longitude
  volume:=:14269
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:Longitude
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/HO2-640/Geolocation Fields/OrbitGeodeticAngle
  volume:=:5868
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:OrbitGeodeticAngle
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/HO2-640/Geolocation Fields/Pressure
  volume:=:148
  _FillValue:=:
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  Title:=:Pressure
  Units:=:hPa
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:Aura-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/HO2-640/Geolocation Fields/SolarZenithAngle
  volume:=:14213
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:SolarZenithAngle
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/HO2-640/Geolocation Fields/Time
  volume:=:19031
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:Time
  Units:=:s
  MissingValue:=:
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:Aura-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/HO2-640/nLevels
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
  REFERENCE_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/HO2-640/nTimes
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
  REFERENCE_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/HO2-640/nTimesTotal
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/HO2-APriori/Data Fields/Convergence
  volume:=:427
  Units:=:NoUnits
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:HO2-APrioriConvergence
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/HO2-APriori/Data Fields/L2gpPrecision
  volume:=:3519
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:HO2-APrioriPrecision
  Units:=:vmr
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/HO2-APriori/Data Fields/L2gpValue
  volume:=:3020
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:HO2-APriori
  Units:=:vmr
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/HO2-APriori/Data Fields/Quality
  volume:=:427
  Units:=:NoUnits
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:HO2-APrioriQuality
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/HO2-APriori/Data Fields/Status
  volume:=:426
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:HO2-APrioriStatus
  Units:=:NoUnits
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/HO2-APriori/Geolocation Fields/ChunkNumber
  volume:=:1852
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:ChunkNumber
  Units:=:NoUnits
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/HO2-APriori/Geolocation Fields/Latitude
  volume:=:14322
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
  Title:=:Latitude
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/HO2-APriori/Geolocation Fields/LineOfSightAngle
  volume:=:13010
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:LineOfSightAngle
  Units:=:deg
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/HO2-APriori/Geolocation Fields/LocalSolarTime
  volume:=:14074
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:LocalSolarTime
  Units:=:h
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/HO2-APriori/Geolocation Fields/Longitude
  volume:=:14269
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:Longitude
  Units:=:deg
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/HO2-APriori/Geolocation Fields/OrbitGeodeticAngle
  volume:=:5868
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:OrbitGeodeticAngle
  Units:=:deg
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/HO2-APriori/Geolocation Fields/Pressure
  volume:=:148
  _FillValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:Aura-Shared
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  Title:=:Pressure
  Units:=:hPa
  MissingValue:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/HO2-APriori/Geolocation Fields/SolarZenithAngle
  volume:=:14213
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:SolarZenithAngle
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/HO2-APriori/Geolocation Fields/Time
  volume:=:19031
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:Time
  Units:=:s
  MissingValue:=:
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:Aura-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/HO2-APriori/nLevels
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
  REFERENCE_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/HO2-APriori/nTimes
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
  REFERENCE_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/HO2-APriori/nTimesTotal
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/HO2-StdProd/Data Fields/Convergence
  volume:=:2521
  Units:=:NoUnits
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:HO2-StdProdConvergence
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/HO2-StdProd/Data Fields/L2gpPrecision
  volume:=:329209
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:HO2-StdProdPrecision
  Units:=:vmr
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/HO2-StdProd/Data Fields/L2gpValue
  volume:=:350268
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:HO2-StdProd
  Units:=:vmr
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/HO2-StdProd/Data Fields/Quality
  volume:=:9294
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:HO2-StdProdQuality
  Units:=:NoUnits
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/HO2-StdProd/Data Fields/Status
  volume:=:1200
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:HO2-StdProdStatus
  Units:=:NoUnits
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/HO2-StdProd/Geolocation Fields/ChunkNumber
  volume:=:1852
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:ChunkNumber
  Units:=:NoUnits
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/HO2-StdProd/Geolocation Fields/Latitude
  volume:=:14322
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
  Title:=:Latitude
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/HO2-StdProd/Geolocation Fields/LineOfSightAngle
  volume:=:13010
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:LineOfSightAngle
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/HO2-StdProd/Geolocation Fields/LocalSolarTime
  volume:=:14074
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:LocalSolarTime
  Units:=:h
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/HO2-StdProd/Geolocation Fields/Longitude
  volume:=:14269
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:Longitude
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/HO2-StdProd/Geolocation Fields/OrbitGeodeticAngle
  volume:=:5868
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:OrbitGeodeticAngle
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/HO2-StdProd/Geolocation Fields/Pressure
  volume:=:148
  _FillValue:=:
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  Title:=:Pressure
  Units:=:hPa
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:Aura-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/HO2-StdProd/Geolocation Fields/SolarZenithAngle
  volume:=:14213
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:SolarZenithAngle
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/HO2-StdProd/Geolocation Fields/Time
  volume:=:19031
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:Time
  Units:=:s
  MissingValue:=:
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:Aura-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/HO2-StdProd/nLevels
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
  REFERENCE_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/HO2-StdProd/nTimes
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
  REFERENCE_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/HO2-StdProd/nTimesTotal
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/HOCl-640/Data Fields/Convergence
  volume:=:2521
  Units:=:NoUnits
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:HOCl-640Convergence
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/HOCl-640/Data Fields/L2gpPrecision
  volume:=:309310
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:HOCl-640Precision
  Units:=:vmr
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/HOCl-640/Data Fields/L2gpValue
  volume:=:350364
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:HOCl-640
  Units:=:vmr
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/HOCl-640/Data Fields/Quality
  volume:=:9701
  Units:=:NoUnits
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:HOCl-640Quality
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/HOCl-640/Data Fields/Status
  volume:=:1200
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:HOCl-640Status
  Units:=:NoUnits
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/HOCl-640/Geolocation Fields/ChunkNumber
  volume:=:1852
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:ChunkNumber
  Units:=:NoUnits
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/HOCl-640/Geolocation Fields/Latitude
  volume:=:14322
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
  Title:=:Latitude
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/HOCl-640/Geolocation Fields/LineOfSightAngle
  volume:=:13010
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:LineOfSightAngle
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/HOCl-640/Geolocation Fields/LocalSolarTime
  volume:=:14074
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:LocalSolarTime
  Units:=:h
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/HOCl-640/Geolocation Fields/Longitude
  volume:=:14269
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:Longitude
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/HOCl-640/Geolocation Fields/OrbitGeodeticAngle
  volume:=:5868
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:OrbitGeodeticAngle
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/HOCl-640/Geolocation Fields/Pressure
  volume:=:148
  _FillValue:=:
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  Title:=:Pressure
  Units:=:hPa
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:Aura-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/HOCl-640/Geolocation Fields/SolarZenithAngle
  volume:=:14213
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:SolarZenithAngle
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/HOCl-640/Geolocation Fields/Time
  volume:=:19031
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:Time
  Units:=:s
  MissingValue:=:
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:Aura-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/HOCl-640/nLevels
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
  REFERENCE_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/HOCl-640/nTimes
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
  REFERENCE_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/HOCl-640/nTimesTotal
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/HOCl-APriori/Data Fields/Convergence
  volume:=:427
  Units:=:NoUnits
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:HOCl-APrioriConvergence
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/HOCl-APriori/Data Fields/L2gpPrecision
  volume:=:3520
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:HOCl-APrioriPrecision
  Units:=:vmr
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/HOCl-APriori/Data Fields/L2gpValue
  volume:=:3020
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:HOCl-APriori
  Units:=:vmr
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/HOCl-APriori/Data Fields/Quality
  volume:=:427
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:HOCl-APrioriQuality
  Units:=:NoUnits
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/HOCl-APriori/Data Fields/Status
  volume:=:426
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:HOCl-APrioriStatus
  Units:=:NoUnits
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/HOCl-APriori/Geolocation Fields/ChunkNumber
  volume:=:1852
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:ChunkNumber
  Units:=:NoUnits
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/HOCl-APriori/Geolocation Fields/Latitude
  volume:=:14322
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
  Title:=:Latitude
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/HOCl-APriori/Geolocation Fields/LineOfSightAngle
  volume:=:13010
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:LineOfSightAngle
  Units:=:deg
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/HOCl-APriori/Geolocation Fields/LocalSolarTime
  volume:=:14074
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:LocalSolarTime
  Units:=:h
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/HOCl-APriori/Geolocation Fields/Longitude
  volume:=:14269
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:Longitude
  Units:=:deg
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/HOCl-APriori/Geolocation Fields/OrbitGeodeticAngle
  volume:=:5868
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:OrbitGeodeticAngle
  Units:=:deg
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/HOCl-APriori/Geolocation Fields/Pressure
  volume:=:148
  _FillValue:=:
  MissingValue:=:
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  Title:=:Pressure
  Units:=:hPa
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:Aura-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/HOCl-APriori/Geolocation Fields/SolarZenithAngle
  volume:=:14213
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:SolarZenithAngle
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/HOCl-APriori/Geolocation Fields/Time
  volume:=:19031
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:Time
  Units:=:s
  MissingValue:=:
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:Aura-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/HOCl-APriori/nLevels
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
  REFERENCE_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/HOCl-APriori/nTimes
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
  REFERENCE_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/HOCl-APriori/nTimesTotal
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/HOCl-StdProd/Data Fields/Convergence
  volume:=:2521
  Units:=:NoUnits
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:HOCl-StdProdConvergence
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/HOCl-StdProd/Data Fields/L2gpPrecision
  volume:=:309310
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:HOCl-StdProdPrecision
  Units:=:vmr
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/HOCl-StdProd/Data Fields/L2gpValue
  volume:=:350364
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:HOCl-StdProd
  Units:=:vmr
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/HOCl-StdProd/Data Fields/Quality
  volume:=:9701
  Units:=:NoUnits
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:HOCl-StdProdQuality
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/HOCl-StdProd/Data Fields/Status
  volume:=:1200
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:HOCl-StdProdStatus
  Units:=:NoUnits
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/HOCl-StdProd/Geolocation Fields/ChunkNumber
  volume:=:1852
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:ChunkNumber
  Units:=:NoUnits
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/HOCl-StdProd/Geolocation Fields/Latitude
  volume:=:14322
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
  Title:=:Latitude
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/HOCl-StdProd/Geolocation Fields/LineOfSightAngle
  volume:=:13010
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:LineOfSightAngle
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/HOCl-StdProd/Geolocation Fields/LocalSolarTime
  volume:=:14074
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:LocalSolarTime
  Units:=:h
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/HOCl-StdProd/Geolocation Fields/Longitude
  volume:=:14269
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:Longitude
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/HOCl-StdProd/Geolocation Fields/OrbitGeodeticAngle
  volume:=:5868
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:OrbitGeodeticAngle
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/HOCl-StdProd/Geolocation Fields/Pressure
  volume:=:148
  _FillValue:=:
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  Title:=:Pressure
  Units:=:hPa
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:Aura-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/HOCl-StdProd/Geolocation Fields/SolarZenithAngle
  volume:=:14213
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:SolarZenithAngle
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/HOCl-StdProd/Geolocation Fields/Time
  volume:=:19031
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:Time
  Units:=:s
  MissingValue:=:
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:Aura-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/HOCl-StdProd/nLevels
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
  REFERENCE_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/HOCl-StdProd/nTimes
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
  REFERENCE_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/HOCl-StdProd/nTimesTotal
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/IWC-118/Data Fields/Convergence
  volume:=:427
  Units:=:NoUnits
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:IWC-118Convergence
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/IWC-118/Data Fields/L2gpPrecision
  volume:=:2508
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:IWC-118Precision
  Units:=:vmr
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/IWC-118/Data Fields/L2gpValue
  volume:=:2508
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:IWC-118
  Units:=:vmr
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/IWC-118/Data Fields/Quality
  volume:=:427
  Units:=:NoUnits
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:IWC-118Quality
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/IWC-118/Data Fields/Status
  volume:=:426
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:IWC-118Status
  Units:=:NoUnits
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/IWC-118/Geolocation Fields/ChunkNumber
  volume:=:1852
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:ChunkNumber
  Units:=:NoUnits
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/IWC-118/Geolocation Fields/Latitude
  volume:=:14322
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:Latitude
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/IWC-118/Geolocation Fields/LineOfSightAngle
  volume:=:13010
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:LineOfSightAngle
  Units:=:deg
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/IWC-118/Geolocation Fields/LocalSolarTime
  volume:=:14074
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:LocalSolarTime
  Units:=:h
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/IWC-118/Geolocation Fields/Longitude
  volume:=:14269
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:Longitude
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/IWC-118/Geolocation Fields/OrbitGeodeticAngle
  volume:=:5868
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:OrbitGeodeticAngle
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/IWC-118/Geolocation Fields/Pressure
  volume:=:116
  _FillValue:=:
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  Title:=:Pressure
  Units:=:hPa
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:Aura-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/IWC-118/Geolocation Fields/SolarZenithAngle
  volume:=:14213
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:SolarZenithAngle
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/IWC-118/Geolocation Fields/Time
  volume:=:19031
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:Time
  Units:=:s
  MissingValue:=:
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:Aura-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/IWC-118/nLevels
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
  REFERENCE_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/IWC-118/nTimes
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
  REFERENCE_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/IWC-118/nTimesTotal
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/IWC-190/Data Fields/Convergence
  volume:=:427
  Units:=:NoUnits
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:IWC-190Convergence
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/IWC-190/Data Fields/L2gpPrecision
  volume:=:6599
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:IWC-190Precision
  Units:=:vmr
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/IWC-190/Data Fields/L2gpValue
  volume:=:319624
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:IWC-190
  Units:=:vmr
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/IWC-190/Data Fields/Quality
  volume:=:427
  Units:=:NoUnits
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:IWC-190Quality
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/IWC-190/Data Fields/Status
  volume:=:426
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:IWC-190Status
  Units:=:NoUnits
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/IWC-190/Geolocation Fields/ChunkNumber
  volume:=:1852
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:ChunkNumber
  Units:=:NoUnits
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/IWC-190/Geolocation Fields/Latitude
  volume:=:14322
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:Latitude
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/IWC-190/Geolocation Fields/LineOfSightAngle
  volume:=:13010
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:LineOfSightAngle
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/IWC-190/Geolocation Fields/LocalSolarTime
  volume:=:14074
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:LocalSolarTime
  Units:=:h
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/IWC-190/Geolocation Fields/Longitude
  volume:=:14269
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:Longitude
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/IWC-190/Geolocation Fields/OrbitGeodeticAngle
  volume:=:5868
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:OrbitGeodeticAngle
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/IWC-190/Geolocation Fields/Pressure
  volume:=:116
  _FillValue:=:
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  Title:=:Pressure
  Units:=:hPa
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:Aura-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/IWC-190/Geolocation Fields/SolarZenithAngle
  volume:=:14213
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:SolarZenithAngle
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/IWC-190/Geolocation Fields/Time
  volume:=:19031
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:Time
  Units:=:s
  MissingValue:=:
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:Aura-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/IWC-190/nLevels
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
  REFERENCE_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/IWC-190/nTimes
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
  REFERENCE_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/IWC-190/nTimesTotal
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/IWC-240/Data Fields/Convergence
  volume:=:427
  Units:=:NoUnits
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:IWC-240Convergence
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/IWC-240/Data Fields/L2gpPrecision
  volume:=:6636
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:IWC-240Precision
  Units:=:vmr
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/IWC-240/Data Fields/L2gpValue
  volume:=:314947
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:IWC-240
  Units:=:vmr
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/IWC-240/Data Fields/Quality
  volume:=:427
  Units:=:NoUnits
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:IWC-240Quality
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/IWC-240/Data Fields/Status
  volume:=:426
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:IWC-240Status
  Units:=:NoUnits
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/IWC-240/Geolocation Fields/ChunkNumber
  volume:=:1852
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:ChunkNumber
  Units:=:NoUnits
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/IWC-240/Geolocation Fields/Latitude
  volume:=:14322
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:Latitude
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/IWC-240/Geolocation Fields/LineOfSightAngle
  volume:=:13010
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:LineOfSightAngle
  Units:=:deg
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/IWC-240/Geolocation Fields/LocalSolarTime
  volume:=:14074
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:LocalSolarTime
  Units:=:h
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/IWC-240/Geolocation Fields/Longitude
  volume:=:14269
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:Longitude
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/IWC-240/Geolocation Fields/OrbitGeodeticAngle
  volume:=:5868
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:OrbitGeodeticAngle
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/IWC-240/Geolocation Fields/Pressure
  volume:=:116
  _FillValue:=:
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  Title:=:Pressure
  Units:=:hPa
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:Aura-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/IWC-240/Geolocation Fields/SolarZenithAngle
  volume:=:14213
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:SolarZenithAngle
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/IWC-240/Geolocation Fields/Time
  volume:=:19031
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:Time
  Units:=:s
  MissingValue:=:
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:Aura-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/IWC-240/nLevels
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
  REFERENCE_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/IWC-240/nTimes
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
  REFERENCE_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/IWC-240/nTimesTotal
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/IWC-640/Data Fields/Convergence
  volume:=:427
  Units:=:NoUnits
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:IWC-640Convergence
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/IWC-640/Data Fields/L2gpPrecision
  volume:=:5950
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:IWC-640Precision
  Units:=:vmr
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/IWC-640/Data Fields/L2gpValue
  volume:=:269557
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:IWC-640
  Units:=:vmr
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/IWC-640/Data Fields/Quality
  volume:=:427
  Units:=:NoUnits
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:IWC-640Quality
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/IWC-640/Data Fields/Status
  volume:=:426
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:IWC-640Status
  Units:=:NoUnits
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/IWC-640/Geolocation Fields/ChunkNumber
  volume:=:1852
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:ChunkNumber
  Units:=:NoUnits
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/IWC-640/Geolocation Fields/Latitude
  volume:=:14322
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:Latitude
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/IWC-640/Geolocation Fields/LineOfSightAngle
  volume:=:13010
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:LineOfSightAngle
  Units:=:deg
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/IWC-640/Geolocation Fields/LocalSolarTime
  volume:=:14074
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:LocalSolarTime
  Units:=:h
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/IWC-640/Geolocation Fields/Longitude
  volume:=:14269
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:Longitude
  Units:=:deg
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/IWC-640/Geolocation Fields/OrbitGeodeticAngle
  volume:=:5868
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:OrbitGeodeticAngle
  Units:=:deg
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/IWC-640/Geolocation Fields/Pressure
  volume:=:116
  _FillValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:Aura-Shared
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  Title:=:Pressure
  Units:=:hPa
  MissingValue:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/IWC-640/Geolocation Fields/SolarZenithAngle
  volume:=:14213
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:SolarZenithAngle
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/IWC-640/Geolocation Fields/Time
  volume:=:19031
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:Time
  Units:=:s
  MissingValue:=:
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:Aura-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/IWC-640/nLevels
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
  REFERENCE_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/IWC-640/nTimes
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
  REFERENCE_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/IWC-640/nTimesTotal
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/IWC-StdProd/Data Fields/Convergence
  volume:=:427
  Units:=:NoUnits
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:IWC-StdProdConvergence
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/IWC-StdProd/Data Fields/L2gpPrecision
  volume:=:6699
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:IWC-StdProdPrecision
  Units:=:vmr
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/IWC-StdProd/Data Fields/L2gpValue
  volume:=:155649
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:IWC-StdProd
  Units:=:vmr
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/IWC-StdProd/Data Fields/Quality
  volume:=:427
  Units:=:NoUnits
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:IWC-StdProdQuality
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/IWC-StdProd/Data Fields/Status
  volume:=:426
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:IWC-StdProdStatus
  Units:=:NoUnits
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/IWC-StdProd/Geolocation Fields/ChunkNumber
  volume:=:1852
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:ChunkNumber
  Units:=:NoUnits
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/IWC-StdProd/Geolocation Fields/Latitude
  volume:=:14322
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:Latitude
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/IWC-StdProd/Geolocation Fields/LineOfSightAngle
  volume:=:13010
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:LineOfSightAngle
  Units:=:deg
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/IWC-StdProd/Geolocation Fields/LocalSolarTime
  volume:=:14074
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:LocalSolarTime
  Units:=:h
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/IWC-StdProd/Geolocation Fields/Longitude
  volume:=:14269
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:Longitude
  Units:=:deg
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/IWC-StdProd/Geolocation Fields/OrbitGeodeticAngle
  volume:=:5868
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:OrbitGeodeticAngle
  Units:=:deg
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/IWC-StdProd/Geolocation Fields/Pressure
  volume:=:116
  _FillValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:Aura-Shared
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  Title:=:Pressure
  Units:=:hPa
  MissingValue:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/IWC-StdProd/Geolocation Fields/SolarZenithAngle
  volume:=:14213
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:SolarZenithAngle
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/IWC-StdProd/Geolocation Fields/Time
  volume:=:19031
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:Time
  Units:=:s
  MissingValue:=:
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:Aura-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/IWC-StdProd/nLevels
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
  REFERENCE_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/IWC-StdProd/nTimes
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
  REFERENCE_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/IWC-StdProd/nTimesTotal
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/IWP-118/Data Fields/Convergence
  volume:=:427
  Units:=:NoUnits
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:IWP-118Convergence
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/IWP-118/Data Fields/L2gpPrecision
  volume:=:517
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:IWP-118Precision
  Units:=:vmr
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/IWP-118/Data Fields/L2gpValue
  volume:=:14332
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:IWP-118
  Units:=:vmr
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/IWP-118/Data Fields/Quality
  volume:=:427
  Units:=:NoUnits
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:IWP-118Quality
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/IWP-118/Data Fields/Status
  volume:=:426
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:IWP-118Status
  Units:=:NoUnits
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/IWP-118/Geolocation Fields/ChunkNumber
  volume:=:1852
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:ChunkNumber
  Units:=:NoUnits
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/IWP-118/Geolocation Fields/Latitude
  volume:=:14322
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
  Title:=:Latitude
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/IWP-118/Geolocation Fields/LineOfSightAngle
  volume:=:13010
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:LineOfSightAngle
  Units:=:deg
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/IWP-118/Geolocation Fields/LocalSolarTime
  volume:=:14074
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:LocalSolarTime
  Units:=:h
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/IWP-118/Geolocation Fields/Longitude
  volume:=:14269
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:Longitude
  Units:=:deg
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/IWP-118/Geolocation Fields/OrbitGeodeticAngle
  volume:=:5868
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:OrbitGeodeticAngle
  Units:=:deg
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/IWP-118/Geolocation Fields/Pressure
  volume:=:4
  _FillValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:Aura-Shared
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  Title:=:Pressure
  Units:=:hPa
  MissingValue:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/IWP-118/Geolocation Fields/SolarZenithAngle
  volume:=:14213
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:SolarZenithAngle
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/IWP-118/Geolocation Fields/Time
  volume:=:19031
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:Time
  Units:=:s
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:Aura-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/IWP-118/nLevels
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
  REFERENCE_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/IWP-118/nTimes
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
  REFERENCE_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/IWP-118/nTimesTotal
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/IWP-190/Data Fields/Convergence
  volume:=:427
  Units:=:NoUnits
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:IWP-190Convergence
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/IWP-190/Data Fields/L2gpPrecision
  volume:=:546
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:IWP-190Precision
  Units:=:vmr
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/IWP-190/Data Fields/L2gpValue
  volume:=:14331
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:IWP-190
  Units:=:vmr
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/IWP-190/Data Fields/Quality
  volume:=:427
  Units:=:NoUnits
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:IWP-190Quality
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/IWP-190/Data Fields/Status
  volume:=:426
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:IWP-190Status
  Units:=:NoUnits
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/IWP-190/Geolocation Fields/ChunkNumber
  volume:=:1852
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:ChunkNumber
  Units:=:NoUnits
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/IWP-190/Geolocation Fields/Latitude
  volume:=:14322
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:Latitude
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/IWP-190/Geolocation Fields/LineOfSightAngle
  volume:=:13010
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:LineOfSightAngle
  Units:=:deg
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/IWP-190/Geolocation Fields/LocalSolarTime
  volume:=:14074
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:LocalSolarTime
  Units:=:h
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/IWP-190/Geolocation Fields/Longitude
  volume:=:14269
  _FillValue:=:
  Units:=:deg
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
  Title:=:Longitude
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/IWP-190/Geolocation Fields/OrbitGeodeticAngle
  volume:=:5868
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:OrbitGeodeticAngle
  Units:=:deg
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/IWP-190/Geolocation Fields/Pressure
  volume:=:4
  _FillValue:=:
  MissingValue:=:
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  Title:=:Pressure
  Units:=:hPa
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:Aura-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/IWP-190/Geolocation Fields/SolarZenithAngle
  volume:=:14213
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:SolarZenithAngle
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/IWP-190/Geolocation Fields/Time
  volume:=:19031
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:Time
  Units:=:s
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:Aura-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/IWP-190/nLevels
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
  REFERENCE_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/IWP-190/nTimes
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
  REFERENCE_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/IWP-190/nTimesTotal
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/IWP-240/Data Fields/Convergence
  volume:=:427
  Units:=:NoUnits
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:IWP-240Convergence
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/IWP-240/Data Fields/L2gpPrecision
  volume:=:546
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:IWP-240Precision
  Units:=:vmr
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/IWP-240/Data Fields/L2gpValue
  volume:=:14332
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:IWP-240
  Units:=:vmr
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/IWP-240/Data Fields/Quality
  volume:=:427
  Units:=:NoUnits
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:IWP-240Quality
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/IWP-240/Data Fields/Status
  volume:=:426
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:IWP-240Status
  Units:=:NoUnits
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/IWP-240/Geolocation Fields/ChunkNumber
  volume:=:1852
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:ChunkNumber
  Units:=:NoUnits
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/IWP-240/Geolocation Fields/Latitude
  volume:=:14322
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
  Title:=:Latitude
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/IWP-240/Geolocation Fields/LineOfSightAngle
  volume:=:13010
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:LineOfSightAngle
  Units:=:deg
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/IWP-240/Geolocation Fields/LocalSolarTime
  volume:=:14074
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:LocalSolarTime
  Units:=:h
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/IWP-240/Geolocation Fields/Longitude
  volume:=:14269
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:Longitude
  Units:=:deg
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/IWP-240/Geolocation Fields/OrbitGeodeticAngle
  volume:=:5868
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:OrbitGeodeticAngle
  Units:=:deg
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/IWP-240/Geolocation Fields/Pressure
  volume:=:4
  _FillValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:Aura-Shared
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  Title:=:Pressure
  Units:=:hPa
  MissingValue:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/IWP-240/Geolocation Fields/SolarZenithAngle
  volume:=:14213
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:SolarZenithAngle
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/IWP-240/Geolocation Fields/Time
  volume:=:19031
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:Time
  Units:=:s
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:Aura-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/IWP-240/nLevels
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
  REFERENCE_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/IWP-240/nTimes
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
  REFERENCE_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/IWP-240/nTimesTotal
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/IWP-640/Data Fields/Convergence
  volume:=:427
  Units:=:NoUnits
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:IWP-640Convergence
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/IWP-640/Data Fields/L2gpPrecision
  volume:=:546
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:IWP-640Precision
  Units:=:vmr
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/IWP-640/Data Fields/L2gpValue
  volume:=:14332
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:IWP-640
  Units:=:vmr
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/IWP-640/Data Fields/Quality
  volume:=:427
  Units:=:NoUnits
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:IWP-640Quality
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/IWP-640/Data Fields/Status
  volume:=:426
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:IWP-640Status
  Units:=:NoUnits
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/IWP-640/Geolocation Fields/ChunkNumber
  volume:=:1852
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:ChunkNumber
  Units:=:NoUnits
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/IWP-640/Geolocation Fields/Latitude
  volume:=:14322
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
  Title:=:Latitude
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/IWP-640/Geolocation Fields/LineOfSightAngle
  volume:=:13010
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:LineOfSightAngle
  Units:=:deg
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/IWP-640/Geolocation Fields/LocalSolarTime
  volume:=:14074
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:LocalSolarTime
  Units:=:h
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/IWP-640/Geolocation Fields/Longitude
  volume:=:14269
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:Longitude
  Units:=:deg
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/IWP-640/Geolocation Fields/OrbitGeodeticAngle
  volume:=:5868
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:OrbitGeodeticAngle
  Units:=:deg
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/IWP-640/Geolocation Fields/Pressure
  volume:=:4
  _FillValue:=:
  MissingValue:=:
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  Title:=:Pressure
  Units:=:hPa
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:Aura-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/IWP-640/Geolocation Fields/SolarZenithAngle
  volume:=:14213
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:SolarZenithAngle
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/IWP-640/Geolocation Fields/Time
  volume:=:19031
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:Time
  Units:=:s
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:Aura-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/IWP-640/nLevels
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
  REFERENCE_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/IWP-640/nTimes
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
  REFERENCE_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/IWP-640/nTimesTotal
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/IWP-StdProd/Data Fields/Convergence
  volume:=:427
  Units:=:NoUnits
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:IWP-StdProdConvergence
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/IWP-StdProd/Data Fields/L2gpPrecision
  volume:=:546
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:IWP-StdProdPrecision
  Units:=:vmr
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/IWP-StdProd/Data Fields/L2gpValue
  volume:=:14332
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:IWP-StdProd
  Units:=:vmr
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/IWP-StdProd/Data Fields/Quality
  volume:=:427
  Units:=:NoUnits
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:IWP-StdProdQuality
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/IWP-StdProd/Data Fields/Status
  volume:=:426
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:IWP-StdProdStatus
  Units:=:NoUnits
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/IWP-StdProd/Geolocation Fields/ChunkNumber
  volume:=:1852
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:ChunkNumber
  Units:=:NoUnits
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/IWP-StdProd/Geolocation Fields/Latitude
  volume:=:14322
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
  Title:=:Latitude
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/IWP-StdProd/Geolocation Fields/LineOfSightAngle
  volume:=:13010
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:LineOfSightAngle
  Units:=:deg
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/IWP-StdProd/Geolocation Fields/LocalSolarTime
  volume:=:14074
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:LocalSolarTime
  Units:=:h
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/IWP-StdProd/Geolocation Fields/Longitude
  volume:=:14269
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:Longitude
  Units:=:deg
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/IWP-StdProd/Geolocation Fields/OrbitGeodeticAngle
  volume:=:5868
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:OrbitGeodeticAngle
  Units:=:deg
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/IWP-StdProd/Geolocation Fields/Pressure
  volume:=:4
  _FillValue:=:
  MissingValue:=:
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  Title:=:Pressure
  Units:=:hPa
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:Aura-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/IWP-StdProd/Geolocation Fields/SolarZenithAngle
  volume:=:14213
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:SolarZenithAngle
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/IWP-StdProd/Geolocation Fields/Time
  volume:=:19031
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:Time
  Units:=:s
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:Aura-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/IWP-StdProd/nLevels
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
  REFERENCE_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/IWP-StdProd/nTimes
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
  REFERENCE_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/IWP-StdProd/nTimesTotal
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/N2O-190/Data Fields/Convergence
  volume:=:2519
  Units:=:NoUnits
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:N2O-190Convergence
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/N2O-190/Data Fields/L2gpPrecision
  volume:=:268605
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:N2O-190Precision
  Units:=:vmr
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/N2O-190/Data Fields/L2gpValue
  volume:=:383370
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:N2O-190
  Units:=:vmr
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/N2O-190/Data Fields/Quality
  volume:=:9237
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:N2O-190Quality
  Units:=:NoUnits
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/N2O-190/Data Fields/Status
  volume:=:941
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:N2O-190Status
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  Units:=:NoUnits
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/N2O-190/Geolocation Fields/ChunkNumber
  volume:=:1852
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:ChunkNumber
  Units:=:NoUnits
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/N2O-190/Geolocation Fields/Latitude
  volume:=:14322
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
  Title:=:Latitude
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/N2O-190/Geolocation Fields/LineOfSightAngle
  volume:=:13010
  Units:=:deg
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:LineOfSightAngle
  MissingValue:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/N2O-190/Geolocation Fields/LocalSolarTime
  volume:=:14074
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:LocalSolarTime
  Units:=:h
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/N2O-190/Geolocation Fields/Longitude
  volume:=:14269
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:Longitude
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/N2O-190/Geolocation Fields/OrbitGeodeticAngle
  volume:=:5868
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:OrbitGeodeticAngle
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/N2O-190/Geolocation Fields/Pressure
  volume:=:148
  _FillValue:=:
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  Title:=:Pressure
  Units:=:hPa
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:Aura-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/N2O-190/Geolocation Fields/SolarZenithAngle
  volume:=:14213
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:SolarZenithAngle
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/N2O-190/Geolocation Fields/Time
  volume:=:19031
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:Time
  Units:=:s
  MissingValue:=:
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:Aura-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/N2O-190/nLevels
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
  REFERENCE_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/N2O-190/nTimes
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
  REFERENCE_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/N2O-190/nTimesTotal
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/N2O-640/Data Fields/Convergence
  volume:=:2533
  Units:=:NoUnits
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:N2O-640Convergence
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/N2O-640/Data Fields/L2gpPrecision
  volume:=:43103
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:N2O-640Precision
  Units:=:vmr
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/N2O-640/Data Fields/L2gpValue
  volume:=:383041
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:N2O-640
  Units:=:vmr
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/N2O-640/Data Fields/Quality
  volume:=:427
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:N2O-640Quality
  Units:=:NoUnits
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/N2O-640/Data Fields/Status
  volume:=:1310
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:N2O-640Status
  Units:=:NoUnits
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/N2O-640/Geolocation Fields/ChunkNumber
  volume:=:1852
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:ChunkNumber
  Units:=:NoUnits
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/N2O-640/Geolocation Fields/Latitude
  volume:=:14322
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
  Title:=:Latitude
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/N2O-640/Geolocation Fields/LineOfSightAngle
  volume:=:13010
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:LineOfSightAngle
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/N2O-640/Geolocation Fields/LocalSolarTime
  volume:=:14074
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:LocalSolarTime
  Units:=:h
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/N2O-640/Geolocation Fields/Longitude
  volume:=:14269
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:Longitude
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/N2O-640/Geolocation Fields/OrbitGeodeticAngle
  volume:=:5868
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:OrbitGeodeticAngle
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/N2O-640/Geolocation Fields/Pressure
  volume:=:148
  _FillValue:=:
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  Title:=:Pressure
  Units:=:hPa
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:Aura-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/N2O-640/Geolocation Fields/SolarZenithAngle
  volume:=:14213
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:SolarZenithAngle
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/N2O-640/Geolocation Fields/Time
  volume:=:19031
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:Time
  Units:=:s
  MissingValue:=:
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:Aura-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/N2O-640/nLevels
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
  REFERENCE_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/N2O-640/nTimes
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
  REFERENCE_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/N2O-640/nTimesTotal
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/N2O-APriori/Data Fields/Convergence
  volume:=:427
  Units:=:NoUnits
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:N2O-APrioriConvergence
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/N2O-APriori/Data Fields/L2gpPrecision
  volume:=:5424
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:N2O-APrioriPrecision
  Units:=:vmr
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/N2O-APriori/Data Fields/L2gpValue
  volume:=:383043
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:N2O-APriori
  Units:=:vmr
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/N2O-APriori/Data Fields/Quality
  volume:=:427
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:N2O-APrioriQuality
  Units:=:NoUnits
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/N2O-APriori/Data Fields/Status
  volume:=:426
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:N2O-APrioriStatus
  Units:=:NoUnits
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/N2O-APriori/Geolocation Fields/ChunkNumber
  volume:=:1852
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:ChunkNumber
  Units:=:NoUnits
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/N2O-APriori/Geolocation Fields/Latitude
  volume:=:14322
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
  Title:=:Latitude
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/N2O-APriori/Geolocation Fields/LineOfSightAngle
  volume:=:13010
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:LineOfSightAngle
  Units:=:deg
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/N2O-APriori/Geolocation Fields/LocalSolarTime
  volume:=:14074
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:LocalSolarTime
  Units:=:h
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/N2O-APriori/Geolocation Fields/Longitude
  volume:=:14269
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:Longitude
  Units:=:deg
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/N2O-APriori/Geolocation Fields/OrbitGeodeticAngle
  volume:=:5868
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:OrbitGeodeticAngle
  Units:=:deg
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/N2O-APriori/Geolocation Fields/Pressure
  volume:=:148
  _FillValue:=:
  MissingValue:=:
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  Title:=:Pressure
  Units:=:hPa
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:Aura-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/N2O-APriori/Geolocation Fields/SolarZenithAngle
  volume:=:14213
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:SolarZenithAngle
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/N2O-APriori/Geolocation Fields/Time
  volume:=:19031
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:Time
  Units:=:s
  MissingValue:=:
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:Aura-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/N2O-APriori/nLevels
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
  REFERENCE_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/N2O-APriori/nTimes
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
  REFERENCE_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/N2O-APriori/nTimesTotal
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/N2O-InitR2/Data Fields/Convergence
  volume:=:427
  Units:=:NoUnits
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:N2O-InitR2Convergence
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/N2O-InitR2/Data Fields/L2gpPrecision
  volume:=:268432
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:N2O-InitR2Precision
  Units:=:vmr
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/N2O-InitR2/Data Fields/L2gpValue
  volume:=:382987
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:N2O-InitR2
  Units:=:vmr
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/N2O-InitR2/Data Fields/Quality
  volume:=:427
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:N2O-InitR2Quality
  Units:=:NoUnits
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/N2O-InitR2/Data Fields/Status
  volume:=:426
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:N2O-InitR2Status
  Units:=:NoUnits
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/N2O-InitR2/Geolocation Fields/ChunkNumber
  volume:=:1852
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:ChunkNumber
  Units:=:NoUnits
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/N2O-InitR2/Geolocation Fields/Latitude
  volume:=:14322
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
  Title:=:Latitude
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/N2O-InitR2/Geolocation Fields/LineOfSightAngle
  volume:=:13010
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:LineOfSightAngle
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/N2O-InitR2/Geolocation Fields/LocalSolarTime
  volume:=:14074
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:LocalSolarTime
  Units:=:h
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/N2O-InitR2/Geolocation Fields/Longitude
  volume:=:14269
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:Longitude
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/N2O-InitR2/Geolocation Fields/OrbitGeodeticAngle
  volume:=:5868
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:OrbitGeodeticAngle
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/N2O-InitR2/Geolocation Fields/Pressure
  volume:=:148
  _FillValue:=:
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  Title:=:Pressure
  Units:=:hPa
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:Aura-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/N2O-InitR2/Geolocation Fields/SolarZenithAngle
  volume:=:14213
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:SolarZenithAngle
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/N2O-InitR2/Geolocation Fields/Time
  volume:=:19031
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:Time
  Units:=:s
  MissingValue:=:
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:Aura-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/N2O-InitR2/nLevels
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
  REFERENCE_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/N2O-InitR2/nTimes
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
  REFERENCE_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/N2O-InitR2/nTimesTotal
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/N2O-StdProd/Data Fields/Convergence
  volume:=:2533
  Units:=:NoUnits
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:N2O-StdProdConvergence
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/N2O-StdProd/Data Fields/L2gpPrecision
  volume:=:43103
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:N2O-StdProdPrecision
  Units:=:vmr
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/N2O-StdProd/Data Fields/L2gpValue
  volume:=:383041
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:N2O-StdProd
  Units:=:vmr
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/N2O-StdProd/Data Fields/Quality
  volume:=:427
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:N2O-StdProdQuality
  Units:=:NoUnits
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/N2O-StdProd/Data Fields/Status
  volume:=:1310
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:N2O-StdProdStatus
  Units:=:NoUnits
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/N2O-StdProd/Geolocation Fields/ChunkNumber
  volume:=:1852
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:ChunkNumber
  Units:=:NoUnits
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/N2O-StdProd/Geolocation Fields/Latitude
  volume:=:14322
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
  Title:=:Latitude
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/N2O-StdProd/Geolocation Fields/LineOfSightAngle
  volume:=:13010
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:LineOfSightAngle
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/N2O-StdProd/Geolocation Fields/LocalSolarTime
  volume:=:14074
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:LocalSolarTime
  Units:=:h
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/N2O-StdProd/Geolocation Fields/Longitude
  volume:=:14269
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:Longitude
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/N2O-StdProd/Geolocation Fields/OrbitGeodeticAngle
  volume:=:5868
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:OrbitGeodeticAngle
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/N2O-StdProd/Geolocation Fields/Pressure
  volume:=:148
  _FillValue:=:
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  Title:=:Pressure
  Units:=:hPa
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:Aura-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/N2O-StdProd/Geolocation Fields/SolarZenithAngle
  volume:=:14213
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:SolarZenithAngle
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/N2O-StdProd/Geolocation Fields/Time
  volume:=:19031
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:Time
  Units:=:s
  MissingValue:=:
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:Aura-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/N2O-StdProd/nLevels
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
  REFERENCE_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/N2O-StdProd/nTimes
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
  REFERENCE_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/N2O-StdProd/nTimesTotal
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/O3-190/Data Fields/Convergence
  volume:=:2519
  Units:=:NoUnits
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:O3-190Convergence
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/O3-190/Data Fields/L2gpPrecision
  volume:=:278388
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:O3-190Precision
  Units:=:vmr
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/O3-190/Data Fields/L2gpValue
  volume:=:403800
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:O3-190
  Units:=:vmr
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/O3-190/Data Fields/Quality
  volume:=:9318
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:O3-190Quality
  Units:=:NoUnits
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/O3-190/Data Fields/Status
  volume:=:941
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:O3-190Status
  Units:=:NoUnits
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/O3-190/Geolocation Fields/ChunkNumber
  volume:=:1852
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:ChunkNumber
  Units:=:NoUnits
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/O3-190/Geolocation Fields/Latitude
  volume:=:14322
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
  Title:=:Latitude
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/O3-190/Geolocation Fields/LineOfSightAngle
  volume:=:13010
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:LineOfSightAngle
  Units:=:deg
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/O3-190/Geolocation Fields/LocalSolarTime
  volume:=:14074
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:LocalSolarTime
  Units:=:h
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/O3-190/Geolocation Fields/Longitude
  volume:=:14269
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:Longitude
  Units:=:deg
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/O3-190/Geolocation Fields/OrbitGeodeticAngle
  volume:=:5868
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:OrbitGeodeticAngle
  Units:=:deg
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/O3-190/Geolocation Fields/Pressure
  volume:=:148
  _FillValue:=:
  MissingValue:=:
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  Title:=:Pressure
  Units:=:hPa
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:Aura-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/O3-190/Geolocation Fields/SolarZenithAngle
  volume:=:14213
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:SolarZenithAngle
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/O3-190/Geolocation Fields/Time
  volume:=:19031
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:Time
  Units:=:s
  MissingValue:=:
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:Aura-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/O3-190/nLevels
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
  REFERENCE_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/O3-190/nTimes
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
  REFERENCE_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/O3-190/nTimesTotal
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/O3-240/Data Fields/Convergence
  volume:=:2529
  Units:=:NoUnits
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:O3-240Convergence
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/O3-240/Data Fields/L2gpPrecision
  volume:=:551558
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:O3-240Precision
  Units:=:vmr
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/O3-240/Data Fields/L2gpValue
  volume:=:649767
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:O3-240
  Units:=:vmr
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/O3-240/Data Fields/Quality
  volume:=:9365
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:O3-240Quality
  Units:=:NoUnits
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/O3-240/Data Fields/Status
  volume:=:1095
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:O3-240Status
  Units:=:NoUnits
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/O3-240/Geolocation Fields/ChunkNumber
  volume:=:1852
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:ChunkNumber
  Units:=:NoUnits
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/O3-240/Geolocation Fields/Latitude
  volume:=:14322
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  MissingValue:=:
  Title:=:Latitude
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/O3-240/Geolocation Fields/LineOfSightAngle
  volume:=:13010
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:LineOfSightAngle
  Units:=:deg
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/O3-240/Geolocation Fields/LocalSolarTime
  volume:=:14074
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:LocalSolarTime
  Units:=:h
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/O3-240/Geolocation Fields/Longitude
  volume:=:14269
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:Longitude
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/O3-240/Geolocation Fields/OrbitGeodeticAngle
  volume:=:5868
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:OrbitGeodeticAngle
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/O3-240/Geolocation Fields/Pressure
  volume:=:220
  _FillValue:=:
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  Title:=:Pressure
  Units:=:hPa
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:Aura-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/O3-240/Geolocation Fields/SolarZenithAngle
  volume:=:14213
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:SolarZenithAngle
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/O3-240/Geolocation Fields/Time
  volume:=:19031
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:Time
  Units:=:s
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:Aura-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/O3-240/nLevels
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
  REFERENCE_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/O3-240/nTimes
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
  REFERENCE_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/O3-240/nTimesTotal
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/O3-2T5/Data Fields/Convergence
  volume:=:2516
  Units:=:NoUnits
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:O3-2T5Convergence
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/O3-2T5/Data Fields/L2gpPrecision
  volume:=:284300
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:O3-2T5Precision
  Units:=:vmr
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/O3-2T5/Data Fields/L2gpValue
  volume:=:402682
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:O3-2T5
  Units:=:vmr
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/O3-2T5/Data Fields/Quality
  volume:=:9700
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:O3-2T5Quality
  Units:=:NoUnits
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/O3-2T5/Data Fields/Status
  volume:=:482
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:O3-2T5Status
  Units:=:NoUnits
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/O3-2T5/Geolocation Fields/ChunkNumber
  volume:=:1852
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:ChunkNumber
  Units:=:NoUnits
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/O3-2T5/Geolocation Fields/Latitude
  volume:=:14322
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
  Title:=:Latitude
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/O3-2T5/Geolocation Fields/LineOfSightAngle
  volume:=:13010
  Units:=:deg
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:LineOfSightAngle
  MissingValue:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/O3-2T5/Geolocation Fields/LocalSolarTime
  volume:=:14074
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:LocalSolarTime
  Units:=:h
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/O3-2T5/Geolocation Fields/Longitude
  volume:=:14269
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:Longitude
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/O3-2T5/Geolocation Fields/OrbitGeodeticAngle
  volume:=:5868
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:OrbitGeodeticAngle
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/O3-2T5/Geolocation Fields/Pressure
  volume:=:148
  _FillValue:=:
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  Title:=:Pressure
  Units:=:hPa
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:Aura-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/O3-2T5/Geolocation Fields/SolarZenithAngle
  volume:=:14213
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:SolarZenithAngle
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/O3-2T5/Geolocation Fields/Time
  volume:=:19031
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:Time
  Units:=:s
  MissingValue:=:
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:Aura-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/O3-2T5/nLevels
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
  REFERENCE_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/O3-2T5/nTimes
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
  REFERENCE_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/O3-2T5/nTimesTotal
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/O3-640/Data Fields/Convergence
  volume:=:2521
  Units:=:NoUnits
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:O3-640Convergence
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/O3-640/Data Fields/L2gpPrecision
  volume:=:325466
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:O3-640Precision
  Units:=:vmr
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/O3-640/Data Fields/L2gpValue
  volume:=:416827
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:O3-640
  Units:=:vmr
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/O3-640/Data Fields/Quality
  volume:=:9669
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:O3-640Quality
  Units:=:NoUnits
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/O3-640/Data Fields/Status
  volume:=:1200
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:O3-640Status
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  Units:=:NoUnits
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/O3-640/Geolocation Fields/ChunkNumber
  volume:=:1852
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:ChunkNumber
  Units:=:NoUnits
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/O3-640/Geolocation Fields/Latitude
  volume:=:14322
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
  Title:=:Latitude
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/O3-640/Geolocation Fields/LineOfSightAngle
  volume:=:13010
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:LineOfSightAngle
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/O3-640/Geolocation Fields/LocalSolarTime
  volume:=:14074
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:LocalSolarTime
  Units:=:h
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/O3-640/Geolocation Fields/Longitude
  volume:=:14269
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:Longitude
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/O3-640/Geolocation Fields/OrbitGeodeticAngle
  volume:=:5868
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:OrbitGeodeticAngle
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/O3-640/Geolocation Fields/Pressure
  volume:=:148
  _FillValue:=:
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  Title:=:Pressure
  Units:=:hPa
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:Aura-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/O3-640/Geolocation Fields/SolarZenithAngle
  volume:=:14213
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:SolarZenithAngle
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/O3-640/Geolocation Fields/Time
  volume:=:19031
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:Time
  Units:=:s
  MissingValue:=:
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:Aura-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/O3-640/nLevels
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
  REFERENCE_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/O3-640/nTimes
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
  REFERENCE_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/O3-640/nTimesTotal
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/O3-640-B13/Data Fields/Convergence
  volume:=:2529
  Units:=:NoUnits
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:O3-640-B13Convergence
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/O3-640-B13/Data Fields/L2gpPrecision
  volume:=:325026
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:O3-640-B13Precision
  Units:=:vmr
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/O3-640-B13/Data Fields/L2gpValue
  volume:=:416389
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:O3-640-B13
  Units:=:vmr
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/O3-640-B13/Data Fields/Quality
  volume:=:9941
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:O3-640-B13Quality
  Units:=:NoUnits
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/O3-640-B13/Data Fields/Status
  volume:=:1200
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:O3-640-B13Status
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  Units:=:NoUnits
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/O3-640-B13/Geolocation Fields/ChunkNumber
  volume:=:1852
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:ChunkNumber
  Units:=:NoUnits
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/O3-640-B13/Geolocation Fields/Latitude
  volume:=:14322
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
  Title:=:Latitude
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/O3-640-B13/Geolocation Fields/LineOfSightAngle
  volume:=:13010
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:LineOfSightAngle
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/O3-640-B13/Geolocation Fields/LocalSolarTime
  volume:=:14074
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:LocalSolarTime
  Units:=:h
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/O3-640-B13/Geolocation Fields/Longitude
  volume:=:14269
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:Longitude
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/O3-640-B13/Geolocation Fields/OrbitGeodeticAngle
  volume:=:5868
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:OrbitGeodeticAngle
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/O3-640-B13/Geolocation Fields/Pressure
  volume:=:148
  _FillValue:=:
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  Title:=:Pressure
  Units:=:hPa
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:Aura-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/O3-640-B13/Geolocation Fields/SolarZenithAngle
  volume:=:14213
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:SolarZenithAngle
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/O3-640-B13/Geolocation Fields/Time
  volume:=:19031
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:Time
  Units:=:s
  MissingValue:=:
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:Aura-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/O3-640-B13/nLevels
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
  REFERENCE_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/O3-640-B13/nTimes
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
  REFERENCE_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/O3-640-B13/nTimesTotal
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/O3-APriori/Data Fields/Convergence
  volume:=:427
  Units:=:NoUnits
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:O3-APrioriConvergence
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/O3-APriori/Data Fields/L2gpPrecision
  volume:=:5844
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:O3-APrioriPrecision
  Units:=:vmr
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/O3-APriori/Data Fields/L2gpValue
  volume:=:398140
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:O3-APriori
  Units:=:vmr
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/O3-APriori/Data Fields/Quality
  volume:=:427
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:O3-APrioriQuality
  Units:=:NoUnits
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/O3-APriori/Data Fields/Status
  volume:=:426
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:O3-APrioriStatus
  Units:=:NoUnits
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/O3-APriori/Geolocation Fields/ChunkNumber
  volume:=:1852
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:ChunkNumber
  Units:=:NoUnits
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/O3-APriori/Geolocation Fields/Latitude
  volume:=:14322
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
  Title:=:Latitude
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/O3-APriori/Geolocation Fields/LineOfSightAngle
  volume:=:13010
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:LineOfSightAngle
  Units:=:deg
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/O3-APriori/Geolocation Fields/LocalSolarTime
  volume:=:14074
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:LocalSolarTime
  Units:=:h
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/O3-APriori/Geolocation Fields/Longitude
  volume:=:14269
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:Longitude
  Units:=:deg
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/O3-APriori/Geolocation Fields/OrbitGeodeticAngle
  volume:=:5868
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:OrbitGeodeticAngle
  Units:=:deg
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/O3-APriori/Geolocation Fields/Pressure
  volume:=:148
  _FillValue:=:
  MissingValue:=:
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  Title:=:Pressure
  Units:=:hPa
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:Aura-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/O3-APriori/Geolocation Fields/SolarZenithAngle
  volume:=:14213
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:SolarZenithAngle
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/O3-APriori/Geolocation Fields/Time
  volume:=:19031
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:Time
  Units:=:s
  MissingValue:=:
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:Aura-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/O3-APriori/nLevels
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
  REFERENCE_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/O3-APriori/nTimes
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
  REFERENCE_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/O3-APriori/nTimesTotal
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/O3-FinalExt/Data Fields/Convergence
  volume:=:427
  Units:=:NoUnits
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:O3-FinalExtConvergence
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/O3-FinalExt/Data Fields/L2gpPrecision
  volume:=:69001
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:O3-FinalExtPrecision
  Units:=:vmr
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/O3-FinalExt/Data Fields/L2gpValue
  volume:=:401668
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:O3-FinalExt
  Units:=:vmr
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/O3-FinalExt/Data Fields/Quality
  volume:=:427
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:O3-FinalExtQuality
  Units:=:NoUnits
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/O3-FinalExt/Data Fields/Status
  volume:=:426
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:O3-FinalExtStatus
  Units:=:NoUnits
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/O3-FinalExt/Geolocation Fields/ChunkNumber
  volume:=:1852
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:ChunkNumber
  Units:=:NoUnits
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/O3-FinalExt/Geolocation Fields/Latitude
  volume:=:14322
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
  Title:=:Latitude
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/O3-FinalExt/Geolocation Fields/LineOfSightAngle
  volume:=:13010
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:LineOfSightAngle
  Units:=:deg
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/O3-FinalExt/Geolocation Fields/LocalSolarTime
  volume:=:14074
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:LocalSolarTime
  Units:=:h
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/O3-FinalExt/Geolocation Fields/Longitude
  volume:=:14269
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:Longitude
  Units:=:deg
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/O3-FinalExt/Geolocation Fields/OrbitGeodeticAngle
  volume:=:5868
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:OrbitGeodeticAngle
  Units:=:deg
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/O3-FinalExt/Geolocation Fields/Pressure
  volume:=:148
  _FillValue:=:
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:Aura-Shared
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  Title:=:Pressure
  Units:=:hPa
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/O3-FinalExt/Geolocation Fields/SolarZenithAngle
  volume:=:14213
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:SolarZenithAngle
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/O3-FinalExt/Geolocation Fields/Time
  volume:=:19031
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:Time
  Units:=:s
  MissingValue:=:
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:Aura-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/O3-FinalExt/nLevels
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
  REFERENCE_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/O3-FinalExt/nTimes
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
  REFERENCE_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/O3-FinalExt/nTimesTotal
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/O3-InitR2/Data Fields/Convergence
  volume:=:427
  Units:=:NoUnits
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:O3-InitR2Convergence
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/O3-InitR2/Data Fields/L2gpPrecision
  volume:=:239907
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:O3-InitR2Precision
  Units:=:vmr
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/O3-InitR2/Data Fields/L2gpValue
  volume:=:401883
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:O3-InitR2
  Units:=:vmr
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/O3-InitR2/Data Fields/Quality
  volume:=:427
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:O3-InitR2Quality
  Units:=:NoUnits
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/O3-InitR2/Data Fields/Status
  volume:=:426
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:O3-InitR2Status
  Units:=:NoUnits
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/O3-InitR2/Geolocation Fields/ChunkNumber
  volume:=:1852
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:ChunkNumber
  Units:=:NoUnits
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/O3-InitR2/Geolocation Fields/Latitude
  volume:=:14322
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
  Title:=:Latitude
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/O3-InitR2/Geolocation Fields/LineOfSightAngle
  volume:=:13010
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:LineOfSightAngle
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/O3-InitR2/Geolocation Fields/LocalSolarTime
  volume:=:14074
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:LocalSolarTime
  Units:=:h
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/O3-InitR2/Geolocation Fields/Longitude
  volume:=:14269
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:Longitude
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/O3-InitR2/Geolocation Fields/OrbitGeodeticAngle
  volume:=:5868
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:OrbitGeodeticAngle
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/O3-InitR2/Geolocation Fields/Pressure
  volume:=:148
  _FillValue:=:
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  Title:=:Pressure
  Units:=:hPa
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:Aura-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/O3-InitR2/Geolocation Fields/SolarZenithAngle
  volume:=:14213
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:SolarZenithAngle
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/O3-InitR2/Geolocation Fields/Time
  volume:=:19031
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:Time
  Units:=:s
  MissingValue:=:
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:Aura-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/O3-InitR2/nLevels
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
  REFERENCE_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/O3-InitR2/nTimes
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
  REFERENCE_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/O3-InitR2/nTimesTotal
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/O3-StdProd/Data Fields/Convergence
  volume:=:2529
  Units:=:NoUnits
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:O3-StdProdConvergence
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/O3-StdProd/Data Fields/L2gpPrecision
  volume:=:551558
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:O3-StdProdPrecision
  Units:=:vmr
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/O3-StdProd/Data Fields/L2gpValue
  volume:=:649767
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:O3-StdProd
  Units:=:vmr
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/O3-StdProd/Data Fields/Quality
  volume:=:9365
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:O3-StdProdQuality
  Units:=:NoUnits
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/O3-StdProd/Data Fields/Status
  volume:=:1095
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:O3-StdProdStatus
  Units:=:NoUnits
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/O3-StdProd/Geolocation Fields/ChunkNumber
  volume:=:1852
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:ChunkNumber
  Units:=:NoUnits
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/O3-StdProd/Geolocation Fields/Latitude
  volume:=:14322
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  MissingValue:=:
  Title:=:Latitude
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/O3-StdProd/Geolocation Fields/LineOfSightAngle
  volume:=:13010
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:LineOfSightAngle
  Units:=:deg
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/O3-StdProd/Geolocation Fields/LocalSolarTime
  volume:=:14074
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:LocalSolarTime
  Units:=:h
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/O3-StdProd/Geolocation Fields/Longitude
  volume:=:14269
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:Longitude
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/O3-StdProd/Geolocation Fields/OrbitGeodeticAngle
  volume:=:5868
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:OrbitGeodeticAngle
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/O3-StdProd/Geolocation Fields/Pressure
  volume:=:220
  _FillValue:=:
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  Title:=:Pressure
  Units:=:hPa
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:Aura-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/O3-StdProd/Geolocation Fields/SolarZenithAngle
  volume:=:14213
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:SolarZenithAngle
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/O3-StdProd/Geolocation Fields/Time
  volume:=:19031
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:Time
  Units:=:s
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:Aura-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/O3-StdProd/nLevels
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
  REFERENCE_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/O3-StdProd/nTimes
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
  REFERENCE_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/O3-StdProd/nTimesTotal
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/O3-StdProd column-GEOS5/Data Fields/Convergence
  volume:=:427
  Units:=:NoUnits
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:O3-StdProd column-GEOS5Convergence
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/O3-StdProd column-GEOS5/Data Fields/L2gpPrecision
  volume:=:13987
  Units:=:DU
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:O3-StdProd column-GEOS5Precision
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/O3-StdProd column-GEOS5/Data Fields/L2gpValue
  volume:=:13527
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:O3-StdProd column-GEOS5
  Units:=:DU
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/O3-StdProd column-GEOS5/Data Fields/Quality
  volume:=:427
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:O3-StdProd column-GEOS5Quality
  Units:=:NoUnits
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/O3-StdProd column-GEOS5/Data Fields/Status
  volume:=:426
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:O3-StdProd column-GEOS5Status
  Units:=:NoUnits
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/O3-StdProd column-GEOS5/Geolocation Fields/ChunkNumber
  volume:=:1852
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:ChunkNumber
  Units:=:NoUnits
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/O3-StdProd column-GEOS5/Geolocation Fields/Latitude
  volume:=:14322
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
  Title:=:Latitude
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/O3-StdProd column-GEOS5/Geolocation Fields/LineOfSightAngle
  volume:=:13010
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:LineOfSightAngle
  Units:=:deg
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/O3-StdProd column-GEOS5/Geolocation Fields/LocalSolarTime
  volume:=:14074
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:LocalSolarTime
  Units:=:h
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/O3-StdProd column-GEOS5/Geolocation Fields/Longitude
  volume:=:14269
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:Longitude
  Units:=:deg
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/O3-StdProd column-GEOS5/Geolocation Fields/OrbitGeodeticAngle
  volume:=:5868
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:OrbitGeodeticAngle
  Units:=:deg
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/O3-StdProd column-GEOS5/Geolocation Fields/SolarZenithAngle
  volume:=:14213
  Units:=:deg
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:SolarZenithAngle
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/O3-StdProd column-GEOS5/Geolocation Fields/Time
  volume:=:19031
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:Time
  Units:=:s
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:Aura-Shared
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/O3-StdProd column-GEOS5/nTimes
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
  REFERENCE_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/O3-StdProd column-GEOS5/nTimesTotal
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/O3-StdProd column-MLS/Data Fields/Convergence
  volume:=:427
  Units:=:NoUnits
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:O3-StdProd column-MLSConvergence
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/O3-StdProd column-MLS/Data Fields/L2gpPrecision
  volume:=:14027
  Units:=:DU
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:O3-StdProd column-MLSPrecision
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/O3-StdProd column-MLS/Data Fields/L2gpValue
  volume:=:13520
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:O3-StdProd column-MLS
  Units:=:DU
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/O3-StdProd column-MLS/Data Fields/Quality
  volume:=:427
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:O3-StdProd column-MLSQuality
  Units:=:NoUnits
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/O3-StdProd column-MLS/Data Fields/Status
  volume:=:426
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:O3-StdProd column-MLSStatus
  Units:=:NoUnits
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/O3-StdProd column-MLS/Geolocation Fields/ChunkNumber
  volume:=:1852
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:ChunkNumber
  Units:=:NoUnits
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/O3-StdProd column-MLS/Geolocation Fields/Latitude
  volume:=:14322
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
  Title:=:Latitude
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/O3-StdProd column-MLS/Geolocation Fields/LineOfSightAngle
  volume:=:13010
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:LineOfSightAngle
  Units:=:deg
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/O3-StdProd column-MLS/Geolocation Fields/LocalSolarTime
  volume:=:14074
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:LocalSolarTime
  Units:=:h
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/O3-StdProd column-MLS/Geolocation Fields/Longitude
  volume:=:14269
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:Longitude
  Units:=:deg
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/O3-StdProd column-MLS/Geolocation Fields/OrbitGeodeticAngle
  volume:=:5868
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:OrbitGeodeticAngle
  Units:=:deg
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/O3-StdProd column-MLS/Geolocation Fields/SolarZenithAngle
  volume:=:14213
  Units:=:deg
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:SolarZenithAngle
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/O3-StdProd column-MLS/Geolocation Fields/Time
  volume:=:19031
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:Time
  Units:=:s
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:Aura-Shared
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/O3-StdProd column-MLS/nTimes
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
  REFERENCE_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/O3-StdProd column-MLS/nTimesTotal
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/O3_HR-APriori/Data Fields/Convergence
  volume:=:427
  Units:=:NoUnits
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:O3_HR-APrioriConvergence
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/O3_HR-APriori/Data Fields/L2gpPrecision
  volume:=:9659
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:O3_HR-APrioriPrecision
  Units:=:vmr
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/O3_HR-APriori/Data Fields/L2gpValue
  volume:=:625835
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:O3_HR-APriori
  Units:=:vmr
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/O3_HR-APriori/Data Fields/Quality
  volume:=:427
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:O3_HR-APrioriQuality
  Units:=:NoUnits
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/O3_HR-APriori/Data Fields/Status
  volume:=:426
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:O3_HR-APrioriStatus
  Units:=:NoUnits
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/O3_HR-APriori/Geolocation Fields/ChunkNumber
  volume:=:1852
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:ChunkNumber
  Units:=:NoUnits
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/O3_HR-APriori/Geolocation Fields/Latitude
  volume:=:14322
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  MissingValue:=:
  Title:=:Latitude
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/O3_HR-APriori/Geolocation Fields/LineOfSightAngle
  volume:=:13010
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:LineOfSightAngle
  Units:=:deg
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/O3_HR-APriori/Geolocation Fields/LocalSolarTime
  volume:=:14074
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:LocalSolarTime
  Units:=:h
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/O3_HR-APriori/Geolocation Fields/Longitude
  volume:=:14269
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:Longitude
  Units:=:deg
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/O3_HR-APriori/Geolocation Fields/OrbitGeodeticAngle
  volume:=:5868
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:OrbitGeodeticAngle
  Units:=:deg
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/O3_HR-APriori/Geolocation Fields/Pressure
  volume:=:220
  _FillValue:=:
  MissingValue:=:
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  Title:=:Pressure
  Units:=:hPa
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:Aura-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/O3_HR-APriori/Geolocation Fields/SolarZenithAngle
  volume:=:14213
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:SolarZenithAngle
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/O3_HR-APriori/Geolocation Fields/Time
  volume:=:19031
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:Time
  Units:=:s
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:Aura-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/O3_HR-APriori/nLevels
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
  REFERENCE_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/O3_HR-APriori/nTimes
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
  REFERENCE_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/O3_HR-APriori/nTimesTotal
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/OH-2T5/Data Fields/Convergence
  volume:=:2516
  Units:=:NoUnits
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:OH-2T5Convergence
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/OH-2T5/Data Fields/L2gpPrecision
  volume:=:373042
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:OH-2T5Precision
  Units:=:vmr
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/OH-2T5/Data Fields/L2gpValue
  volume:=:359527
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:OH-2T5
  Units:=:vmr
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/OH-2T5/Data Fields/Quality
  volume:=:9700
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:OH-2T5Quality
  Units:=:NoUnits
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/OH-2T5/Data Fields/Status
  volume:=:482
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:OH-2T5Status
  Units:=:NoUnits
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/OH-2T5/Geolocation Fields/ChunkNumber
  volume:=:1852
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:ChunkNumber
  Units:=:NoUnits
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/OH-2T5/Geolocation Fields/Latitude
  volume:=:14322
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  MissingValue:=:
  Title:=:Latitude
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/OH-2T5/Geolocation Fields/LineOfSightAngle
  volume:=:13010
  Units:=:deg
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:LineOfSightAngle
  MissingValue:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/OH-2T5/Geolocation Fields/LocalSolarTime
  volume:=:14074
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:LocalSolarTime
  Units:=:h
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/OH-2T5/Geolocation Fields/Longitude
  volume:=:14269
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:Longitude
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/OH-2T5/Geolocation Fields/OrbitGeodeticAngle
  volume:=:5868
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:OrbitGeodeticAngle
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/OH-2T5/Geolocation Fields/Pressure
  volume:=:196
  _FillValue:=:
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  Title:=:Pressure
  Units:=:hPa
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:Aura-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/OH-2T5/Geolocation Fields/SolarZenithAngle
  volume:=:14213
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:SolarZenithAngle
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/OH-2T5/Geolocation Fields/Time
  volume:=:19031
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:Time
  Units:=:s
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:Aura-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/OH-2T5/nLevels
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
  REFERENCE_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/OH-2T5/nTimes
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
  REFERENCE_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/OH-2T5/nTimesTotal
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/OH-APriori/Data Fields/Convergence
  volume:=:427
  Units:=:NoUnits
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:OH-APrioriConvergence
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/OH-APriori/Data Fields/L2gpPrecision
  volume:=:11186
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:OH-APrioriPrecision
  Units:=:vmr
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/OH-APriori/Data Fields/L2gpValue
  volume:=:353695
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:OH-APriori
  Units:=:vmr
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/OH-APriori/Data Fields/Quality
  volume:=:427
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:OH-APrioriQuality
  Units:=:NoUnits
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/OH-APriori/Data Fields/Status
  volume:=:426
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:OH-APrioriStatus
  Units:=:NoUnits
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/OH-APriori/Geolocation Fields/ChunkNumber
  volume:=:1852
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:ChunkNumber
  Units:=:NoUnits
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/OH-APriori/Geolocation Fields/Latitude
  volume:=:14322
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  MissingValue:=:
  Title:=:Latitude
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/OH-APriori/Geolocation Fields/LineOfSightAngle
  volume:=:13010
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:LineOfSightAngle
  Units:=:deg
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/OH-APriori/Geolocation Fields/LocalSolarTime
  volume:=:14074
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:LocalSolarTime
  Units:=:h
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/OH-APriori/Geolocation Fields/Longitude
  volume:=:14269
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:Longitude
  Units:=:deg
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/OH-APriori/Geolocation Fields/OrbitGeodeticAngle
  volume:=:5868
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:OrbitGeodeticAngle
  Units:=:deg
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/OH-APriori/Geolocation Fields/Pressure
  volume:=:196
  _FillValue:=:
  MissingValue:=:
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  Title:=:Pressure
  Units:=:hPa
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:Aura-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/OH-APriori/Geolocation Fields/SolarZenithAngle
  volume:=:14213
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:SolarZenithAngle
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/OH-APriori/Geolocation Fields/Time
  volume:=:19031
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:Time
  Units:=:s
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:Aura-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/OH-APriori/nLevels
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
  REFERENCE_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/OH-APriori/nTimes
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
  REFERENCE_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/OH-APriori/nTimesTotal
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/OH-StdProd/Data Fields/Convergence
  volume:=:2516
  Units:=:NoUnits
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:OH-StdProdConvergence
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/OH-StdProd/Data Fields/L2gpPrecision
  volume:=:373042
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:OH-StdProdPrecision
  Units:=:vmr
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/OH-StdProd/Data Fields/L2gpValue
  volume:=:359527
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:OH-StdProd
  Units:=:vmr
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/OH-StdProd/Data Fields/Quality
  volume:=:9700
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:OH-StdProdQuality
  Units:=:NoUnits
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/OH-StdProd/Data Fields/Status
  volume:=:482
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:OH-StdProdStatus
  Units:=:NoUnits
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/OH-StdProd/Geolocation Fields/ChunkNumber
  volume:=:1852
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:ChunkNumber
  Units:=:NoUnits
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/OH-StdProd/Geolocation Fields/Latitude
  volume:=:14322
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  MissingValue:=:
  Title:=:Latitude
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/OH-StdProd/Geolocation Fields/LineOfSightAngle
  volume:=:13010
  Units:=:deg
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:LineOfSightAngle
  MissingValue:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/OH-StdProd/Geolocation Fields/LocalSolarTime
  volume:=:14074
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:LocalSolarTime
  Units:=:h
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/OH-StdProd/Geolocation Fields/Longitude
  volume:=:14269
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:Longitude
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/OH-StdProd/Geolocation Fields/OrbitGeodeticAngle
  volume:=:5868
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:OrbitGeodeticAngle
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/OH-StdProd/Geolocation Fields/Pressure
  volume:=:196
  _FillValue:=:
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  Title:=:Pressure
  Units:=:hPa
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:Aura-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/OH-StdProd/Geolocation Fields/SolarZenithAngle
  volume:=:14213
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:SolarZenithAngle
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/OH-StdProd/Geolocation Fields/Time
  volume:=:19031
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:Time
  Units:=:s
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:Aura-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/OH-StdProd/nLevels
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
  REFERENCE_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/OH-StdProd/nTimes
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
  REFERENCE_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/OH-StdProd/nTimesTotal
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R1A:118.B1F:PT.S0.FB25-1 chisqBinned CorePlusR3/Data Fields/Convergence
  volume:=:427
  Units:=:NoUnits
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:R1A:118.B1F:PT.S0.FB25-1 chisqBinned CorePlusR3Convergence
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R1A:118.B1F:PT.S0.FB25-1 chisqBinned CorePlusR3/Data Fields/L2gpPrecision
  volume:=:392118
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:R1A:118.B1F:PT.S0.FB25-1 chisqBinned CorePlusR3Precision
  Units:=:vmr
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R1A:118.B1F:PT.S0.FB25-1 chisqBinned CorePlusR3/Data Fields/L2gpValue
  volume:=:387655
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:R1A:118.B1F:PT.S0.FB25-1 chisqBinned CorePlusR3
  Units:=:vmr
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R1A:118.B1F:PT.S0.FB25-1 chisqBinned CorePlusR3/Data Fields/Quality
  volume:=:427
  Units:=:NoUnits
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:R1A:118.B1F:PT.S0.FB25-1 chisqBinned CorePlusR3Quality
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R1A:118.B1F:PT.S0.FB25-1 chisqBinned CorePlusR3/Data Fields/Status
  volume:=:426
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:R1A:118.B1F:PT.S0.FB25-1 chisqBinned CorePlusR3Status
  Units:=:NoUnits
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R1A:118.B1F:PT.S0.FB25-1 chisqBinned CorePlusR3/Geolocation Fields/ChunkNumber
  volume:=:1852
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:ChunkNumber
  Units:=:NoUnits
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R1A:118.B1F:PT.S0.FB25-1 chisqBinned CorePlusR3/Geolocation Fields/Latitude
  volume:=:14322
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
  Title:=:Latitude
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R1A:118.B1F:PT.S0.FB25-1 chisqBinned CorePlusR3/Geolocation Fields/LineOfSightAngle
  volume:=:13010
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:LineOfSightAngle
  Units:=:deg
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R1A:118.B1F:PT.S0.FB25-1 chisqBinned CorePlusR3/Geolocation Fields/LocalSolarTime
  volume:=:14074
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:LocalSolarTime
  Units:=:h
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R1A:118.B1F:PT.S0.FB25-1 chisqBinned CorePlusR3/Geolocation Fields/Longitude
  volume:=:14269
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:Longitude
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R1A:118.B1F:PT.S0.FB25-1 chisqBinned CorePlusR3/Geolocation Fields/OrbitGeodeticAngle
  volume:=:5868
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:OrbitGeodeticAngle
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R1A:118.B1F:PT.S0.FB25-1 chisqBinned CorePlusR3/Geolocation Fields/Pressure
  volume:=:148
  _FillValue:=:
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  Title:=:Pressure
  Units:=:hPa
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:Aura-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R1A:118.B1F:PT.S0.FB25-1 chisqBinned CorePlusR3/Geolocation Fields/SolarZenithAngle
  volume:=:14213
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:SolarZenithAngle
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R1A:118.B1F:PT.S0.FB25-1 chisqBinned CorePlusR3/Geolocation Fields/Time
  volume:=:19031
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:Time
  Units:=:s
  MissingValue:=:
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:Aura-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R1A:118.B1F:PT.S0.FB25-1 chisqBinned CorePlusR3/nLevels
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
  REFERENCE_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R1A:118.B1F:PT.S0.FB25-1 chisqBinned CorePlusR3/nTimes
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
  REFERENCE_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R1A:118.B1F:PT.S0.FB25-1 chisqBinned CorePlusR3/nTimesTotal
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R1A:118.B1F:PT.S0.FB25-1 chisqBinned CorePlusR5/Data Fields/Convergence
  volume:=:427
  Units:=:NoUnits
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:R1A:118.B1F:PT.S0.FB25-1 chisqBinned CorePlusR5Convergence
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R1A:118.B1F:PT.S0.FB25-1 chisqBinned CorePlusR5/Data Fields/L2gpPrecision
  volume:=:392239
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:R1A:118.B1F:PT.S0.FB25-1 chisqBinned CorePlusR5Precision
  Units:=:vmr
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R1A:118.B1F:PT.S0.FB25-1 chisqBinned CorePlusR5/Data Fields/L2gpValue
  volume:=:388041
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:R1A:118.B1F:PT.S0.FB25-1 chisqBinned CorePlusR5
  Units:=:vmr
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R1A:118.B1F:PT.S0.FB25-1 chisqBinned CorePlusR5/Data Fields/Quality
  volume:=:427
  Units:=:NoUnits
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:R1A:118.B1F:PT.S0.FB25-1 chisqBinned CorePlusR5Quality
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R1A:118.B1F:PT.S0.FB25-1 chisqBinned CorePlusR5/Data Fields/Status
  volume:=:426
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:R1A:118.B1F:PT.S0.FB25-1 chisqBinned CorePlusR5Status
  Units:=:NoUnits
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R1A:118.B1F:PT.S0.FB25-1 chisqBinned CorePlusR5/Geolocation Fields/ChunkNumber
  volume:=:1852
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:ChunkNumber
  Units:=:NoUnits
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R1A:118.B1F:PT.S0.FB25-1 chisqBinned CorePlusR5/Geolocation Fields/Latitude
  volume:=:14322
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
  Title:=:Latitude
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R1A:118.B1F:PT.S0.FB25-1 chisqBinned CorePlusR5/Geolocation Fields/LineOfSightAngle
  volume:=:13010
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:LineOfSightAngle
  Units:=:deg
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R1A:118.B1F:PT.S0.FB25-1 chisqBinned CorePlusR5/Geolocation Fields/LocalSolarTime
  volume:=:14074
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:LocalSolarTime
  Units:=:h
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R1A:118.B1F:PT.S0.FB25-1 chisqBinned CorePlusR5/Geolocation Fields/Longitude
  volume:=:14269
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:Longitude
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R1A:118.B1F:PT.S0.FB25-1 chisqBinned CorePlusR5/Geolocation Fields/OrbitGeodeticAngle
  volume:=:5868
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:OrbitGeodeticAngle
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R1A:118.B1F:PT.S0.FB25-1 chisqBinned CorePlusR5/Geolocation Fields/Pressure
  volume:=:148
  _FillValue:=:
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  Title:=:Pressure
  Units:=:hPa
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:Aura-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R1A:118.B1F:PT.S0.FB25-1 chisqBinned CorePlusR5/Geolocation Fields/SolarZenithAngle
  volume:=:14213
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:SolarZenithAngle
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R1A:118.B1F:PT.S0.FB25-1 chisqBinned CorePlusR5/Geolocation Fields/Time
  volume:=:19031
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:Time
  Units:=:s
  MissingValue:=:
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:Aura-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R1A:118.B1F:PT.S0.FB25-1 chisqBinned CorePlusR5/nLevels
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
  REFERENCE_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R1A:118.B1F:PT.S0.FB25-1 chisqBinned CorePlusR5/nTimes
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
  REFERENCE_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R1A:118.B1F:PT.S0.FB25-1 chisqBinned CorePlusR5/nTimesTotal
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R1A:118.B1F:PT.S0.FB25-1 chisqBinned FinalPtan/Data Fields/Convergence
  volume:=:427
  Units:=:NoUnits
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:R1A:118.B1F:PT.S0.FB25-1 chisqBinned FinalPtanConvergence
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R1A:118.B1F:PT.S0.FB25-1 chisqBinned FinalPtan/Data Fields/L2gpPrecision
  volume:=:392315
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:R1A:118.B1F:PT.S0.FB25-1 chisqBinned FinalPtanPrecision
  Units:=:vmr
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R1A:118.B1F:PT.S0.FB25-1 chisqBinned FinalPtan/Data Fields/L2gpValue
  volume:=:388245
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:R1A:118.B1F:PT.S0.FB25-1 chisqBinned FinalPtan
  Units:=:vmr
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R1A:118.B1F:PT.S0.FB25-1 chisqBinned FinalPtan/Data Fields/Quality
  volume:=:427
  Units:=:NoUnits
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:R1A:118.B1F:PT.S0.FB25-1 chisqBinned FinalPtanQuality
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R1A:118.B1F:PT.S0.FB25-1 chisqBinned FinalPtan/Data Fields/Status
  volume:=:426
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:R1A:118.B1F:PT.S0.FB25-1 chisqBinned FinalPtanStatus
  Units:=:NoUnits
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R1A:118.B1F:PT.S0.FB25-1 chisqBinned FinalPtan/Geolocation Fields/ChunkNumber
  volume:=:1852
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:ChunkNumber
  Units:=:NoUnits
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R1A:118.B1F:PT.S0.FB25-1 chisqBinned FinalPtan/Geolocation Fields/Latitude
  volume:=:14322
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
  Title:=:Latitude
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R1A:118.B1F:PT.S0.FB25-1 chisqBinned FinalPtan/Geolocation Fields/LineOfSightAngle
  volume:=:13010
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:LineOfSightAngle
  Units:=:deg
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R1A:118.B1F:PT.S0.FB25-1 chisqBinned FinalPtan/Geolocation Fields/LocalSolarTime
  volume:=:14074
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:LocalSolarTime
  Units:=:h
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R1A:118.B1F:PT.S0.FB25-1 chisqBinned FinalPtan/Geolocation Fields/Longitude
  volume:=:14269
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:Longitude
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R1A:118.B1F:PT.S0.FB25-1 chisqBinned FinalPtan/Geolocation Fields/OrbitGeodeticAngle
  volume:=:5868
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:OrbitGeodeticAngle
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R1A:118.B1F:PT.S0.FB25-1 chisqBinned FinalPtan/Geolocation Fields/Pressure
  volume:=:148
  _FillValue:=:
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  Title:=:Pressure
  Units:=:hPa
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:Aura-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R1A:118.B1F:PT.S0.FB25-1 chisqBinned FinalPtan/Geolocation Fields/SolarZenithAngle
  volume:=:14213
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:SolarZenithAngle
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R1A:118.B1F:PT.S0.FB25-1 chisqBinned FinalPtan/Geolocation Fields/Time
  volume:=:19031
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:Time
  Units:=:s
  MissingValue:=:
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:Aura-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R1A:118.B1F:PT.S0.FB25-1 chisqBinned FinalPtan/nLevels
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
  REFERENCE_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R1A:118.B1F:PT.S0.FB25-1 chisqBinned FinalPtan/nTimes
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
  REFERENCE_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R1A:118.B1F:PT.S0.FB25-1 chisqBinned FinalPtan/nTimesTotal
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R1A:118.B1F:PT.S0.FB25-1 chisqBinned InitPtan/Data Fields/Convergence
  volume:=:427
  Units:=:NoUnits
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:R1A:118.B1F:PT.S0.FB25-1 chisqBinned InitPtanConvergence
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R1A:118.B1F:PT.S0.FB25-1 chisqBinned InitPtan/Data Fields/L2gpPrecision
  volume:=:391211
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:R1A:118.B1F:PT.S0.FB25-1 chisqBinned InitPtanPrecision
  Units:=:vmr
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R1A:118.B1F:PT.S0.FB25-1 chisqBinned InitPtan/Data Fields/L2gpValue
  volume:=:387222
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:R1A:118.B1F:PT.S0.FB25-1 chisqBinned InitPtan
  Units:=:vmr
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R1A:118.B1F:PT.S0.FB25-1 chisqBinned InitPtan/Data Fields/Quality
  volume:=:427
  Units:=:NoUnits
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:R1A:118.B1F:PT.S0.FB25-1 chisqBinned InitPtanQuality
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R1A:118.B1F:PT.S0.FB25-1 chisqBinned InitPtan/Data Fields/Status
  volume:=:426
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:R1A:118.B1F:PT.S0.FB25-1 chisqBinned InitPtanStatus
  Units:=:NoUnits
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R1A:118.B1F:PT.S0.FB25-1 chisqBinned InitPtan/Geolocation Fields/ChunkNumber
  volume:=:1852
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:ChunkNumber
  Units:=:NoUnits
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R1A:118.B1F:PT.S0.FB25-1 chisqBinned InitPtan/Geolocation Fields/Latitude
  volume:=:14322
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
  Title:=:Latitude
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R1A:118.B1F:PT.S0.FB25-1 chisqBinned InitPtan/Geolocation Fields/LineOfSightAngle
  volume:=:13010
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:LineOfSightAngle
  Units:=:deg
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R1A:118.B1F:PT.S0.FB25-1 chisqBinned InitPtan/Geolocation Fields/LocalSolarTime
  volume:=:14074
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:LocalSolarTime
  Units:=:h
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R1A:118.B1F:PT.S0.FB25-1 chisqBinned InitPtan/Geolocation Fields/Longitude
  volume:=:14269
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:Longitude
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R1A:118.B1F:PT.S0.FB25-1 chisqBinned InitPtan/Geolocation Fields/OrbitGeodeticAngle
  volume:=:5868
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:OrbitGeodeticAngle
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R1A:118.B1F:PT.S0.FB25-1 chisqBinned InitPtan/Geolocation Fields/Pressure
  volume:=:148
  _FillValue:=:
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  Title:=:Pressure
  Units:=:hPa
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:Aura-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R1A:118.B1F:PT.S0.FB25-1 chisqBinned InitPtan/Geolocation Fields/SolarZenithAngle
  volume:=:14213
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:SolarZenithAngle
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R1A:118.B1F:PT.S0.FB25-1 chisqBinned InitPtan/Geolocation Fields/Time
  volume:=:19031
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:Time
  Units:=:s
  MissingValue:=:
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:Aura-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R1A:118.B1F:PT.S0.FB25-1 chisqBinned InitPtan/nLevels
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
  REFERENCE_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R1A:118.B1F:PT.S0.FB25-1 chisqBinned InitPtan/nTimes
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
  REFERENCE_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R1A:118.B1F:PT.S0.FB25-1 chisqBinned InitPtan/nTimesTotal
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R1A:118.B1F:PT.S0.FB25-1 chisqBinned UpdatePtan/Data Fields/Convergence
  volume:=:427
  Units:=:NoUnits
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:R1A:118.B1F:PT.S0.FB25-1 chisqBinned UpdatePtanConvergence
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R1A:118.B1F:PT.S0.FB25-1 chisqBinned UpdatePtan/Data Fields/L2gpPrecision
  volume:=:385965
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:R1A:118.B1F:PT.S0.FB25-1 chisqBinned UpdatePtanPrecision
  Units:=:vmr
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R1A:118.B1F:PT.S0.FB25-1 chisqBinned UpdatePtan/Data Fields/L2gpValue
  volume:=:382082
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:R1A:118.B1F:PT.S0.FB25-1 chisqBinned UpdatePtan
  Units:=:vmr
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R1A:118.B1F:PT.S0.FB25-1 chisqBinned UpdatePtan/Data Fields/Quality
  volume:=:427
  Units:=:NoUnits
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:R1A:118.B1F:PT.S0.FB25-1 chisqBinned UpdatePtanQuality
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R1A:118.B1F:PT.S0.FB25-1 chisqBinned UpdatePtan/Data Fields/Status
  volume:=:426
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:R1A:118.B1F:PT.S0.FB25-1 chisqBinned UpdatePtanStatus
  Units:=:NoUnits
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R1A:118.B1F:PT.S0.FB25-1 chisqBinned UpdatePtan/Geolocation Fields/ChunkNumber
  volume:=:1852
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:ChunkNumber
  Units:=:NoUnits
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R1A:118.B1F:PT.S0.FB25-1 chisqBinned UpdatePtan/Geolocation Fields/Latitude
  volume:=:14322
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
  Title:=:Latitude
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R1A:118.B1F:PT.S0.FB25-1 chisqBinned UpdatePtan/Geolocation Fields/LineOfSightAngle
  volume:=:13010
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:LineOfSightAngle
  Units:=:deg
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R1A:118.B1F:PT.S0.FB25-1 chisqBinned UpdatePtan/Geolocation Fields/LocalSolarTime
  volume:=:14074
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:LocalSolarTime
  Units:=:h
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R1A:118.B1F:PT.S0.FB25-1 chisqBinned UpdatePtan/Geolocation Fields/Longitude
  volume:=:14269
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:Longitude
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R1A:118.B1F:PT.S0.FB25-1 chisqBinned UpdatePtan/Geolocation Fields/OrbitGeodeticAngle
  volume:=:5868
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:OrbitGeodeticAngle
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R1A:118.B1F:PT.S0.FB25-1 chisqBinned UpdatePtan/Geolocation Fields/Pressure
  volume:=:148
  _FillValue:=:
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  Title:=:Pressure
  Units:=:hPa
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:Aura-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R1A:118.B1F:PT.S0.FB25-1 chisqBinned UpdatePtan/Geolocation Fields/SolarZenithAngle
  volume:=:14213
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:SolarZenithAngle
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R1A:118.B1F:PT.S0.FB25-1 chisqBinned UpdatePtan/Geolocation Fields/Time
  volume:=:19031
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:Time
  Units:=:s
  MissingValue:=:
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:Aura-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R1A:118.B1F:PT.S0.FB25-1 chisqBinned UpdatePtan/nLevels
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
  REFERENCE_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R1A:118.B1F:PT.S0.FB25-1 chisqBinned UpdatePtan/nTimes
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
  REFERENCE_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R1A:118.B1F:PT.S0.FB25-1 chisqBinned UpdatePtan/nTimesTotal
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R1A:118.B1F:PT.S0.FB25-1 noRadsBinned CorePlusR3/Data Fields/Convergence
  volume:=:427
  Units:=:NoUnits
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:R1A:118.B1F:PT.S0.FB25-1 noRadsBinned CorePlusR3Convergence
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R1A:118.B1F:PT.S0.FB25-1 noRadsBinned CorePlusR3/Data Fields/L2gpPrecision
  volume:=:3020
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:R1A:118.B1F:PT.S0.FB25-1 noRadsBinned CorePlusR3Precision
  Units:=:vmr
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R1A:118.B1F:PT.S0.FB25-1 noRadsBinned CorePlusR3/Data Fields/L2gpValue
  volume:=:48980
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:R1A:118.B1F:PT.S0.FB25-1 noRadsBinned CorePlusR3
  Units:=:vmr
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R1A:118.B1F:PT.S0.FB25-1 noRadsBinned CorePlusR3/Data Fields/Quality
  volume:=:427
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:R1A:118.B1F:PT.S0.FB25-1 noRadsBinned CorePlusR3Quality
  Units:=:NoUnits
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R1A:118.B1F:PT.S0.FB25-1 noRadsBinned CorePlusR3/Data Fields/Status
  volume:=:426
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:R1A:118.B1F:PT.S0.FB25-1 noRadsBinned CorePlusR3Status
  Units:=:NoUnits
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R1A:118.B1F:PT.S0.FB25-1 noRadsBinned CorePlusR3/Geolocation Fields/ChunkNumber
  volume:=:1852
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:ChunkNumber
  Units:=:NoUnits
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R1A:118.B1F:PT.S0.FB25-1 noRadsBinned CorePlusR3/Geolocation Fields/Latitude
  volume:=:14322
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
  Title:=:Latitude
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R1A:118.B1F:PT.S0.FB25-1 noRadsBinned CorePlusR3/Geolocation Fields/LineOfSightAngle
  volume:=:13010
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:LineOfSightAngle
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R1A:118.B1F:PT.S0.FB25-1 noRadsBinned CorePlusR3/Geolocation Fields/LocalSolarTime
  volume:=:14074
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:LocalSolarTime
  Units:=:h
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R1A:118.B1F:PT.S0.FB25-1 noRadsBinned CorePlusR3/Geolocation Fields/Longitude
  volume:=:14269
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:Longitude
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R1A:118.B1F:PT.S0.FB25-1 noRadsBinned CorePlusR3/Geolocation Fields/OrbitGeodeticAngle
  volume:=:5868
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:OrbitGeodeticAngle
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R1A:118.B1F:PT.S0.FB25-1 noRadsBinned CorePlusR3/Geolocation Fields/Pressure
  volume:=:148
  _FillValue:=:
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  Title:=:Pressure
  Units:=:hPa
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:Aura-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R1A:118.B1F:PT.S0.FB25-1 noRadsBinned CorePlusR3/Geolocation Fields/SolarZenithAngle
  volume:=:14213
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:SolarZenithAngle
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R1A:118.B1F:PT.S0.FB25-1 noRadsBinned CorePlusR3/Geolocation Fields/Time
  volume:=:19031
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:Time
  Units:=:s
  MissingValue:=:
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:Aura-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R1A:118.B1F:PT.S0.FB25-1 noRadsBinned CorePlusR3/nLevels
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
  REFERENCE_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R1A:118.B1F:PT.S0.FB25-1 noRadsBinned CorePlusR3/nTimes
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
  REFERENCE_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R1A:118.B1F:PT.S0.FB25-1 noRadsBinned CorePlusR3/nTimesTotal
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R1A:118.B1F:PT.S0.FB25-1 noRadsBinned CorePlusR5/Data Fields/Convergence
  volume:=:427
  Units:=:NoUnits
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:R1A:118.B1F:PT.S0.FB25-1 noRadsBinned CorePlusR5Convergence
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R1A:118.B1F:PT.S0.FB25-1 noRadsBinned CorePlusR5/Data Fields/L2gpPrecision
  volume:=:3020
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:R1A:118.B1F:PT.S0.FB25-1 noRadsBinned CorePlusR5Precision
  Units:=:vmr
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R1A:118.B1F:PT.S0.FB25-1 noRadsBinned CorePlusR5/Data Fields/L2gpValue
  volume:=:48980
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:R1A:118.B1F:PT.S0.FB25-1 noRadsBinned CorePlusR5
  Units:=:vmr
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R1A:118.B1F:PT.S0.FB25-1 noRadsBinned CorePlusR5/Data Fields/Quality
  volume:=:427
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:R1A:118.B1F:PT.S0.FB25-1 noRadsBinned CorePlusR5Quality
  Units:=:NoUnits
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R1A:118.B1F:PT.S0.FB25-1 noRadsBinned CorePlusR5/Data Fields/Status
  volume:=:426
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:R1A:118.B1F:PT.S0.FB25-1 noRadsBinned CorePlusR5Status
  Units:=:NoUnits
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R1A:118.B1F:PT.S0.FB25-1 noRadsBinned CorePlusR5/Geolocation Fields/ChunkNumber
  volume:=:1852
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:ChunkNumber
  Units:=:NoUnits
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R1A:118.B1F:PT.S0.FB25-1 noRadsBinned CorePlusR5/Geolocation Fields/Latitude
  volume:=:14322
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
  Title:=:Latitude
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R1A:118.B1F:PT.S0.FB25-1 noRadsBinned CorePlusR5/Geolocation Fields/LineOfSightAngle
  volume:=:13010
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:LineOfSightAngle
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R1A:118.B1F:PT.S0.FB25-1 noRadsBinned CorePlusR5/Geolocation Fields/LocalSolarTime
  volume:=:14074
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:LocalSolarTime
  Units:=:h
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R1A:118.B1F:PT.S0.FB25-1 noRadsBinned CorePlusR5/Geolocation Fields/Longitude
  volume:=:14269
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:Longitude
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R1A:118.B1F:PT.S0.FB25-1 noRadsBinned CorePlusR5/Geolocation Fields/OrbitGeodeticAngle
  volume:=:5868
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:OrbitGeodeticAngle
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R1A:118.B1F:PT.S0.FB25-1 noRadsBinned CorePlusR5/Geolocation Fields/Pressure
  volume:=:148
  _FillValue:=:
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  Title:=:Pressure
  Units:=:hPa
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:Aura-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R1A:118.B1F:PT.S0.FB25-1 noRadsBinned CorePlusR5/Geolocation Fields/SolarZenithAngle
  volume:=:14213
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:SolarZenithAngle
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R1A:118.B1F:PT.S0.FB25-1 noRadsBinned CorePlusR5/Geolocation Fields/Time
  volume:=:19031
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:Time
  Units:=:s
  MissingValue:=:
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:Aura-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R1A:118.B1F:PT.S0.FB25-1 noRadsBinned CorePlusR5/nLevels
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
  REFERENCE_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R1A:118.B1F:PT.S0.FB25-1 noRadsBinned CorePlusR5/nTimes
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
  REFERENCE_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R1A:118.B1F:PT.S0.FB25-1 noRadsBinned CorePlusR5/nTimesTotal
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R1A:118.B1F:PT.S0.FB25-1 noRadsBinned FinalPtan/Data Fields/Convergence
  volume:=:427
  Units:=:NoUnits
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:R1A:118.B1F:PT.S0.FB25-1 noRadsBinned FinalPtanConvergence
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R1A:118.B1F:PT.S0.FB25-1 noRadsBinned FinalPtan/Data Fields/L2gpPrecision
  volume:=:3020
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:R1A:118.B1F:PT.S0.FB25-1 noRadsBinned FinalPtanPrecision
  Units:=:vmr
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R1A:118.B1F:PT.S0.FB25-1 noRadsBinned FinalPtan/Data Fields/L2gpValue
  volume:=:46640
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:R1A:118.B1F:PT.S0.FB25-1 noRadsBinned FinalPtan
  Units:=:vmr
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R1A:118.B1F:PT.S0.FB25-1 noRadsBinned FinalPtan/Data Fields/Quality
  volume:=:427
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:R1A:118.B1F:PT.S0.FB25-1 noRadsBinned FinalPtanQuality
  Units:=:NoUnits
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R1A:118.B1F:PT.S0.FB25-1 noRadsBinned FinalPtan/Data Fields/Status
  volume:=:426
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:R1A:118.B1F:PT.S0.FB25-1 noRadsBinned FinalPtanStatus
  Units:=:NoUnits
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R1A:118.B1F:PT.S0.FB25-1 noRadsBinned FinalPtan/Geolocation Fields/ChunkNumber
  volume:=:1852
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:ChunkNumber
  Units:=:NoUnits
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R1A:118.B1F:PT.S0.FB25-1 noRadsBinned FinalPtan/Geolocation Fields/Latitude
  volume:=:14322
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
  Title:=:Latitude
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R1A:118.B1F:PT.S0.FB25-1 noRadsBinned FinalPtan/Geolocation Fields/LineOfSightAngle
  volume:=:13010
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:LineOfSightAngle
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R1A:118.B1F:PT.S0.FB25-1 noRadsBinned FinalPtan/Geolocation Fields/LocalSolarTime
  volume:=:14074
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:LocalSolarTime
  Units:=:h
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R1A:118.B1F:PT.S0.FB25-1 noRadsBinned FinalPtan/Geolocation Fields/Longitude
  volume:=:14269
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:Longitude
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R1A:118.B1F:PT.S0.FB25-1 noRadsBinned FinalPtan/Geolocation Fields/OrbitGeodeticAngle
  volume:=:5868
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:OrbitGeodeticAngle
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R1A:118.B1F:PT.S0.FB25-1 noRadsBinned FinalPtan/Geolocation Fields/Pressure
  volume:=:148
  _FillValue:=:
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  Title:=:Pressure
  Units:=:hPa
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:Aura-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R1A:118.B1F:PT.S0.FB25-1 noRadsBinned FinalPtan/Geolocation Fields/SolarZenithAngle
  volume:=:14213
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:SolarZenithAngle
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R1A:118.B1F:PT.S0.FB25-1 noRadsBinned FinalPtan/Geolocation Fields/Time
  volume:=:19031
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:Time
  Units:=:s
  MissingValue:=:
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:Aura-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R1A:118.B1F:PT.S0.FB25-1 noRadsBinned FinalPtan/nLevels
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
  REFERENCE_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R1A:118.B1F:PT.S0.FB25-1 noRadsBinned FinalPtan/nTimes
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
  REFERENCE_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R1A:118.B1F:PT.S0.FB25-1 noRadsBinned FinalPtan/nTimesTotal
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R1A:118.B1F:PT.S0.FB25-1 noRadsBinned InitPtan/Data Fields/Convergence
  volume:=:427
  Units:=:NoUnits
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:R1A:118.B1F:PT.S0.FB25-1 noRadsBinned InitPtanConvergence
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R1A:118.B1F:PT.S0.FB25-1 noRadsBinned InitPtan/Data Fields/L2gpPrecision
  volume:=:3020
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:R1A:118.B1F:PT.S0.FB25-1 noRadsBinned InitPtanPrecision
  Units:=:vmr
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R1A:118.B1F:PT.S0.FB25-1 noRadsBinned InitPtan/Data Fields/L2gpValue
  volume:=:42671
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:R1A:118.B1F:PT.S0.FB25-1 noRadsBinned InitPtan
  Units:=:vmr
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R1A:118.B1F:PT.S0.FB25-1 noRadsBinned InitPtan/Data Fields/Quality
  volume:=:427
  _FillValue:=:
  Units:=:NoUnits
  Title:=:R1A:118.B1F:PT.S0.FB25-1 noRadsBinned InitPtanQuality
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R1A:118.B1F:PT.S0.FB25-1 noRadsBinned InitPtan/Data Fields/Status
  volume:=:426
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:R1A:118.B1F:PT.S0.FB25-1 noRadsBinned InitPtanStatus
  Units:=:NoUnits
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R1A:118.B1F:PT.S0.FB25-1 noRadsBinned InitPtan/Geolocation Fields/ChunkNumber
  volume:=:1852
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:ChunkNumber
  Units:=:NoUnits
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R1A:118.B1F:PT.S0.FB25-1 noRadsBinned InitPtan/Geolocation Fields/Latitude
  volume:=:14322
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
  Title:=:Latitude
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R1A:118.B1F:PT.S0.FB25-1 noRadsBinned InitPtan/Geolocation Fields/LineOfSightAngle
  volume:=:13010
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:LineOfSightAngle
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R1A:118.B1F:PT.S0.FB25-1 noRadsBinned InitPtan/Geolocation Fields/LocalSolarTime
  volume:=:14074
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:LocalSolarTime
  Units:=:h
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R1A:118.B1F:PT.S0.FB25-1 noRadsBinned InitPtan/Geolocation Fields/Longitude
  volume:=:14269
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:Longitude
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R1A:118.B1F:PT.S0.FB25-1 noRadsBinned InitPtan/Geolocation Fields/OrbitGeodeticAngle
  volume:=:5868
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:OrbitGeodeticAngle
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R1A:118.B1F:PT.S0.FB25-1 noRadsBinned InitPtan/Geolocation Fields/Pressure
  volume:=:148
  _FillValue:=:
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  Title:=:Pressure
  Units:=:hPa
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:Aura-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R1A:118.B1F:PT.S0.FB25-1 noRadsBinned InitPtan/Geolocation Fields/SolarZenithAngle
  volume:=:14213
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:SolarZenithAngle
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R1A:118.B1F:PT.S0.FB25-1 noRadsBinned InitPtan/Geolocation Fields/Time
  volume:=:19031
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:Time
  Units:=:s
  MissingValue:=:
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:Aura-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R1A:118.B1F:PT.S0.FB25-1 noRadsBinned InitPtan/nLevels
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
  REFERENCE_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R1A:118.B1F:PT.S0.FB25-1 noRadsBinned InitPtan/nTimes
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
  REFERENCE_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R1A:118.B1F:PT.S0.FB25-1 noRadsBinned InitPtan/nTimesTotal
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R1A:118.B1F:PT.S0.FB25-1 noRadsBinned UpdatePtan/Data Fields/Convergence
  volume:=:427
  Units:=:NoUnits
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:R1A:118.B1F:PT.S0.FB25-1 noRadsBinned UpdatePtanConvergence
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R1A:118.B1F:PT.S0.FB25-1 noRadsBinned UpdatePtan/Data Fields/L2gpPrecision
  volume:=:3020
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:R1A:118.B1F:PT.S0.FB25-1 noRadsBinned UpdatePtanPrecision
  Units:=:vmr
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R1A:118.B1F:PT.S0.FB25-1 noRadsBinned UpdatePtan/Data Fields/L2gpValue
  volume:=:46076
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:R1A:118.B1F:PT.S0.FB25-1 noRadsBinned UpdatePtan
  Units:=:vmr
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R1A:118.B1F:PT.S0.FB25-1 noRadsBinned UpdatePtan/Data Fields/Quality
  volume:=:427
  _FillValue:=:
  Units:=:NoUnits
  Title:=:R1A:118.B1F:PT.S0.FB25-1 noRadsBinned UpdatePtanQuality
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R1A:118.B1F:PT.S0.FB25-1 noRadsBinned UpdatePtan/Data Fields/Status
  volume:=:426
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:R1A:118.B1F:PT.S0.FB25-1 noRadsBinned UpdatePtanStatus
  Units:=:NoUnits
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R1A:118.B1F:PT.S0.FB25-1 noRadsBinned UpdatePtan/Geolocation Fields/ChunkNumber
  volume:=:1852
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:ChunkNumber
  Units:=:NoUnits
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R1A:118.B1F:PT.S0.FB25-1 noRadsBinned UpdatePtan/Geolocation Fields/Latitude
  volume:=:14322
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
  Title:=:Latitude
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R1A:118.B1F:PT.S0.FB25-1 noRadsBinned UpdatePtan/Geolocation Fields/LineOfSightAngle
  volume:=:13010
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:LineOfSightAngle
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R1A:118.B1F:PT.S0.FB25-1 noRadsBinned UpdatePtan/Geolocation Fields/LocalSolarTime
  volume:=:14074
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:LocalSolarTime
  Units:=:h
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R1A:118.B1F:PT.S0.FB25-1 noRadsBinned UpdatePtan/Geolocation Fields/Longitude
  volume:=:14269
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:Longitude
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R1A:118.B1F:PT.S0.FB25-1 noRadsBinned UpdatePtan/Geolocation Fields/OrbitGeodeticAngle
  volume:=:5868
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:OrbitGeodeticAngle
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R1A:118.B1F:PT.S0.FB25-1 noRadsBinned UpdatePtan/Geolocation Fields/Pressure
  volume:=:148
  _FillValue:=:
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  Title:=:Pressure
  Units:=:hPa
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:Aura-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R1A:118.B1F:PT.S0.FB25-1 noRadsBinned UpdatePtan/Geolocation Fields/SolarZenithAngle
  volume:=:14213
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:SolarZenithAngle
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R1A:118.B1F:PT.S0.FB25-1 noRadsBinned UpdatePtan/Geolocation Fields/Time
  volume:=:19031
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:Time
  Units:=:s
  MissingValue:=:
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:Aura-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R1A:118.B1F:PT.S0.FB25-1 noRadsBinned UpdatePtan/nLevels
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
  REFERENCE_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R1A:118.B1F:PT.S0.FB25-1 noRadsBinned UpdatePtan/nTimes
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
  REFERENCE_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R1A:118.B1F:PT.S0.FB25-1 noRadsBinned UpdatePtan/nTimesTotal
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R1A:118.B22D:PT.S0.DACS-4 chisqBinned CorePlusR3/Data Fields/Convergence
  volume:=:427
  Units:=:NoUnits
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:R1A:118.B22D:PT.S0.DACS-4 chisqBinned CorePlusR3Convergence
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R1A:118.B22D:PT.S0.DACS-4 chisqBinned CorePlusR3/Data Fields/L2gpPrecision
  volume:=:378143
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:R1A:118.B22D:PT.S0.DACS-4 chisqBinned CorePlusR3Precision
  Units:=:vmr
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R1A:118.B22D:PT.S0.DACS-4 chisqBinned CorePlusR3/Data Fields/L2gpValue
  volume:=:384009
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:R1A:118.B22D:PT.S0.DACS-4 chisqBinned CorePlusR3
  Units:=:vmr
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R1A:118.B22D:PT.S0.DACS-4 chisqBinned CorePlusR3/Data Fields/Quality
  volume:=:427
  Units:=:NoUnits
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:R1A:118.B22D:PT.S0.DACS-4 chisqBinned CorePlusR3Quality
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R1A:118.B22D:PT.S0.DACS-4 chisqBinned CorePlusR3/Data Fields/Status
  volume:=:426
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:R1A:118.B22D:PT.S0.DACS-4 chisqBinned CorePlusR3Status
  Units:=:NoUnits
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R1A:118.B22D:PT.S0.DACS-4 chisqBinned CorePlusR3/Geolocation Fields/ChunkNumber
  volume:=:1852
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:ChunkNumber
  Units:=:NoUnits
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R1A:118.B22D:PT.S0.DACS-4 chisqBinned CorePlusR3/Geolocation Fields/Latitude
  volume:=:14322
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
  Title:=:Latitude
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R1A:118.B22D:PT.S0.DACS-4 chisqBinned CorePlusR3/Geolocation Fields/LineOfSightAngle
  volume:=:13010
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:LineOfSightAngle
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R1A:118.B22D:PT.S0.DACS-4 chisqBinned CorePlusR3/Geolocation Fields/LocalSolarTime
  volume:=:14074
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:LocalSolarTime
  Units:=:h
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R1A:118.B22D:PT.S0.DACS-4 chisqBinned CorePlusR3/Geolocation Fields/Longitude
  volume:=:14269
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:Longitude
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R1A:118.B22D:PT.S0.DACS-4 chisqBinned CorePlusR3/Geolocation Fields/OrbitGeodeticAngle
  volume:=:5868
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:OrbitGeodeticAngle
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R1A:118.B22D:PT.S0.DACS-4 chisqBinned CorePlusR3/Geolocation Fields/Pressure
  volume:=:148
  _FillValue:=:
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  Title:=:Pressure
  Units:=:hPa
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:Aura-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R1A:118.B22D:PT.S0.DACS-4 chisqBinned CorePlusR3/Geolocation Fields/SolarZenithAngle
  volume:=:14213
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:SolarZenithAngle
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R1A:118.B22D:PT.S0.DACS-4 chisqBinned CorePlusR3/Geolocation Fields/Time
  volume:=:19031
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:Time
  Units:=:s
  MissingValue:=:
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:Aura-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R1A:118.B22D:PT.S0.DACS-4 chisqBinned CorePlusR3/nLevels
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
  REFERENCE_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R1A:118.B22D:PT.S0.DACS-4 chisqBinned CorePlusR3/nTimes
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
  REFERENCE_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R1A:118.B22D:PT.S0.DACS-4 chisqBinned CorePlusR3/nTimesTotal
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R1A:118.B22D:PT.S0.DACS-4 chisqBinned CorePlusR5/Data Fields/Convergence
  volume:=:427
  Units:=:NoUnits
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:R1A:118.B22D:PT.S0.DACS-4 chisqBinned CorePlusR5Convergence
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R1A:118.B22D:PT.S0.DACS-4 chisqBinned CorePlusR5/Data Fields/L2gpPrecision
  volume:=:378091
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:R1A:118.B22D:PT.S0.DACS-4 chisqBinned CorePlusR5Precision
  Units:=:vmr
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R1A:118.B22D:PT.S0.DACS-4 chisqBinned CorePlusR5/Data Fields/L2gpValue
  volume:=:383900
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:R1A:118.B22D:PT.S0.DACS-4 chisqBinned CorePlusR5
  Units:=:vmr
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R1A:118.B22D:PT.S0.DACS-4 chisqBinned CorePlusR5/Data Fields/Quality
  volume:=:427
  Units:=:NoUnits
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:R1A:118.B22D:PT.S0.DACS-4 chisqBinned CorePlusR5Quality
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R1A:118.B22D:PT.S0.DACS-4 chisqBinned CorePlusR5/Data Fields/Status
  volume:=:426
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:R1A:118.B22D:PT.S0.DACS-4 chisqBinned CorePlusR5Status
  Units:=:NoUnits
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R1A:118.B22D:PT.S0.DACS-4 chisqBinned CorePlusR5/Geolocation Fields/ChunkNumber
  volume:=:1852
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:ChunkNumber
  Units:=:NoUnits
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R1A:118.B22D:PT.S0.DACS-4 chisqBinned CorePlusR5/Geolocation Fields/Latitude
  volume:=:14322
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
  Title:=:Latitude
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R1A:118.B22D:PT.S0.DACS-4 chisqBinned CorePlusR5/Geolocation Fields/LineOfSightAngle
  volume:=:13010
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:LineOfSightAngle
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R1A:118.B22D:PT.S0.DACS-4 chisqBinned CorePlusR5/Geolocation Fields/LocalSolarTime
  volume:=:14074
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:LocalSolarTime
  Units:=:h
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R1A:118.B22D:PT.S0.DACS-4 chisqBinned CorePlusR5/Geolocation Fields/Longitude
  volume:=:14269
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:Longitude
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R1A:118.B22D:PT.S0.DACS-4 chisqBinned CorePlusR5/Geolocation Fields/OrbitGeodeticAngle
  volume:=:5868
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:OrbitGeodeticAngle
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R1A:118.B22D:PT.S0.DACS-4 chisqBinned CorePlusR5/Geolocation Fields/Pressure
  volume:=:148
  _FillValue:=:
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  Title:=:Pressure
  Units:=:hPa
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:Aura-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R1A:118.B22D:PT.S0.DACS-4 chisqBinned CorePlusR5/Geolocation Fields/SolarZenithAngle
  volume:=:14213
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:SolarZenithAngle
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R1A:118.B22D:PT.S0.DACS-4 chisqBinned CorePlusR5/Geolocation Fields/Time
  volume:=:19031
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:Time
  Units:=:s
  MissingValue:=:
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:Aura-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R1A:118.B22D:PT.S0.DACS-4 chisqBinned CorePlusR5/nLevels
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
  REFERENCE_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R1A:118.B22D:PT.S0.DACS-4 chisqBinned CorePlusR5/nTimes
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
  REFERENCE_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R1A:118.B22D:PT.S0.DACS-4 chisqBinned CorePlusR5/nTimesTotal
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R1A:118.B22D:PT.S0.DACS-4 chisqBinned FinalPtan/Data Fields/Convergence
  volume:=:427
  Units:=:NoUnits
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:R1A:118.B22D:PT.S0.DACS-4 chisqBinned FinalPtanConvergence
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R1A:118.B22D:PT.S0.DACS-4 chisqBinned FinalPtan/Data Fields/L2gpPrecision
  volume:=:377919
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:R1A:118.B22D:PT.S0.DACS-4 chisqBinned FinalPtanPrecision
  Units:=:vmr
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R1A:118.B22D:PT.S0.DACS-4 chisqBinned FinalPtan/Data Fields/L2gpValue
  volume:=:383669
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:R1A:118.B22D:PT.S0.DACS-4 chisqBinned FinalPtan
  Units:=:vmr
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R1A:118.B22D:PT.S0.DACS-4 chisqBinned FinalPtan/Data Fields/Quality
  volume:=:427
  Units:=:NoUnits
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:R1A:118.B22D:PT.S0.DACS-4 chisqBinned FinalPtanQuality
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R1A:118.B22D:PT.S0.DACS-4 chisqBinned FinalPtan/Data Fields/Status
  volume:=:426
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:R1A:118.B22D:PT.S0.DACS-4 chisqBinned FinalPtanStatus
  Units:=:NoUnits
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R1A:118.B22D:PT.S0.DACS-4 chisqBinned FinalPtan/Geolocation Fields/ChunkNumber
  volume:=:1852
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:ChunkNumber
  Units:=:NoUnits
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R1A:118.B22D:PT.S0.DACS-4 chisqBinned FinalPtan/Geolocation Fields/Latitude
  volume:=:14322
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
  Title:=:Latitude
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R1A:118.B22D:PT.S0.DACS-4 chisqBinned FinalPtan/Geolocation Fields/LineOfSightAngle
  volume:=:13010
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:LineOfSightAngle
  Units:=:deg
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R1A:118.B22D:PT.S0.DACS-4 chisqBinned FinalPtan/Geolocation Fields/LocalSolarTime
  volume:=:14074
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:LocalSolarTime
  Units:=:h
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R1A:118.B22D:PT.S0.DACS-4 chisqBinned FinalPtan/Geolocation Fields/Longitude
  volume:=:14269
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:Longitude
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R1A:118.B22D:PT.S0.DACS-4 chisqBinned FinalPtan/Geolocation Fields/OrbitGeodeticAngle
  volume:=:5868
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:OrbitGeodeticAngle
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R1A:118.B22D:PT.S0.DACS-4 chisqBinned FinalPtan/Geolocation Fields/Pressure
  volume:=:148
  _FillValue:=:
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  Title:=:Pressure
  Units:=:hPa
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:Aura-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R1A:118.B22D:PT.S0.DACS-4 chisqBinned FinalPtan/Geolocation Fields/SolarZenithAngle
  volume:=:14213
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:SolarZenithAngle
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R1A:118.B22D:PT.S0.DACS-4 chisqBinned FinalPtan/Geolocation Fields/Time
  volume:=:19031
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:Time
  Units:=:s
  MissingValue:=:
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:Aura-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R1A:118.B22D:PT.S0.DACS-4 chisqBinned FinalPtan/nLevels
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
  REFERENCE_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R1A:118.B22D:PT.S0.DACS-4 chisqBinned FinalPtan/nTimes
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
  REFERENCE_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R1A:118.B22D:PT.S0.DACS-4 chisqBinned FinalPtan/nTimesTotal
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R1A:118.B22D:PT.S0.DACS-4 chisqBinned UpdatePtan/Data Fields/Convergence
  volume:=:427
  Units:=:NoUnits
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:R1A:118.B22D:PT.S0.DACS-4 chisqBinned UpdatePtanConvergence
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R1A:118.B22D:PT.S0.DACS-4 chisqBinned UpdatePtan/Data Fields/L2gpPrecision
  volume:=:371527
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:R1A:118.B22D:PT.S0.DACS-4 chisqBinned UpdatePtanPrecision
  Units:=:vmr
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R1A:118.B22D:PT.S0.DACS-4 chisqBinned UpdatePtan/Data Fields/L2gpValue
  volume:=:376867
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:R1A:118.B22D:PT.S0.DACS-4 chisqBinned UpdatePtan
  Units:=:vmr
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R1A:118.B22D:PT.S0.DACS-4 chisqBinned UpdatePtan/Data Fields/Quality
  volume:=:427
  Units:=:NoUnits
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:R1A:118.B22D:PT.S0.DACS-4 chisqBinned UpdatePtanQuality
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R1A:118.B22D:PT.S0.DACS-4 chisqBinned UpdatePtan/Data Fields/Status
  volume:=:426
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:R1A:118.B22D:PT.S0.DACS-4 chisqBinned UpdatePtanStatus
  Units:=:NoUnits
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R1A:118.B22D:PT.S0.DACS-4 chisqBinned UpdatePtan/Geolocation Fields/ChunkNumber
  volume:=:1852
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:ChunkNumber
  Units:=:NoUnits
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R1A:118.B22D:PT.S0.DACS-4 chisqBinned UpdatePtan/Geolocation Fields/Latitude
  volume:=:14322
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
  Title:=:Latitude
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R1A:118.B22D:PT.S0.DACS-4 chisqBinned UpdatePtan/Geolocation Fields/LineOfSightAngle
  volume:=:13010
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:LineOfSightAngle
  Units:=:deg
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R1A:118.B22D:PT.S0.DACS-4 chisqBinned UpdatePtan/Geolocation Fields/LocalSolarTime
  volume:=:14074
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:LocalSolarTime
  Units:=:h
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R1A:118.B22D:PT.S0.DACS-4 chisqBinned UpdatePtan/Geolocation Fields/Longitude
  volume:=:14269
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:Longitude
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R1A:118.B22D:PT.S0.DACS-4 chisqBinned UpdatePtan/Geolocation Fields/OrbitGeodeticAngle
  volume:=:5868
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:OrbitGeodeticAngle
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R1A:118.B22D:PT.S0.DACS-4 chisqBinned UpdatePtan/Geolocation Fields/Pressure
  volume:=:148
  _FillValue:=:
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  Title:=:Pressure
  Units:=:hPa
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:Aura-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R1A:118.B22D:PT.S0.DACS-4 chisqBinned UpdatePtan/Geolocation Fields/SolarZenithAngle
  volume:=:14213
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:SolarZenithAngle
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R1A:118.B22D:PT.S0.DACS-4 chisqBinned UpdatePtan/Geolocation Fields/Time
  volume:=:19031
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:Time
  Units:=:s
  MissingValue:=:
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:Aura-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R1A:118.B22D:PT.S0.DACS-4 chisqBinned UpdatePtan/nLevels
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
  REFERENCE_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R1A:118.B22D:PT.S0.DACS-4 chisqBinned UpdatePtan/nTimes
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
  REFERENCE_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R1A:118.B22D:PT.S0.DACS-4 chisqBinned UpdatePtan/nTimesTotal
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R1A:118.B22D:PT.S0.DACS-4 noRadsBinned CorePlusR3/Data Fields/Convergence
  volume:=:427
  Units:=:NoUnits
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:R1A:118.B22D:PT.S0.DACS-4 noRadsBinned CorePlusR3Convergence
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R1A:118.B22D:PT.S0.DACS-4 noRadsBinned CorePlusR3/Data Fields/L2gpPrecision
  volume:=:3020
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:R1A:118.B22D:PT.S0.DACS-4 noRadsBinned CorePlusR3Precision
  Units:=:vmr
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R1A:118.B22D:PT.S0.DACS-4 noRadsBinned CorePlusR3/Data Fields/L2gpValue
  volume:=:49746
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:R1A:118.B22D:PT.S0.DACS-4 noRadsBinned CorePlusR3
  Units:=:vmr
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R1A:118.B22D:PT.S0.DACS-4 noRadsBinned CorePlusR3/Data Fields/Quality
  volume:=:427
  Units:=:NoUnits
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:R1A:118.B22D:PT.S0.DACS-4 noRadsBinned CorePlusR3Quality
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R1A:118.B22D:PT.S0.DACS-4 noRadsBinned CorePlusR3/Data Fields/Status
  volume:=:426
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:R1A:118.B22D:PT.S0.DACS-4 noRadsBinned CorePlusR3Status
  Units:=:NoUnits
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R1A:118.B22D:PT.S0.DACS-4 noRadsBinned CorePlusR3/Geolocation Fields/ChunkNumber
  volume:=:1852
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:ChunkNumber
  Units:=:NoUnits
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R1A:118.B22D:PT.S0.DACS-4 noRadsBinned CorePlusR3/Geolocation Fields/Latitude
  volume:=:14322
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
  Title:=:Latitude
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R1A:118.B22D:PT.S0.DACS-4 noRadsBinned CorePlusR3/Geolocation Fields/LineOfSightAngle
  volume:=:13010
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:LineOfSightAngle
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R1A:118.B22D:PT.S0.DACS-4 noRadsBinned CorePlusR3/Geolocation Fields/LocalSolarTime
  volume:=:14074
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:LocalSolarTime
  Units:=:h
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R1A:118.B22D:PT.S0.DACS-4 noRadsBinned CorePlusR3/Geolocation Fields/Longitude
  volume:=:14269
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:Longitude
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R1A:118.B22D:PT.S0.DACS-4 noRadsBinned CorePlusR3/Geolocation Fields/OrbitGeodeticAngle
  volume:=:5868
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:OrbitGeodeticAngle
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R1A:118.B22D:PT.S0.DACS-4 noRadsBinned CorePlusR3/Geolocation Fields/Pressure
  volume:=:148
  _FillValue:=:
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  Title:=:Pressure
  Units:=:hPa
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:Aura-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R1A:118.B22D:PT.S0.DACS-4 noRadsBinned CorePlusR3/Geolocation Fields/SolarZenithAngle
  volume:=:14213
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:SolarZenithAngle
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R1A:118.B22D:PT.S0.DACS-4 noRadsBinned CorePlusR3/Geolocation Fields/Time
  volume:=:19031
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:Time
  Units:=:s
  MissingValue:=:
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:Aura-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R1A:118.B22D:PT.S0.DACS-4 noRadsBinned CorePlusR3/nLevels
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
  REFERENCE_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R1A:118.B22D:PT.S0.DACS-4 noRadsBinned CorePlusR3/nTimes
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
  REFERENCE_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R1A:118.B22D:PT.S0.DACS-4 noRadsBinned CorePlusR3/nTimesTotal
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R1A:118.B22D:PT.S0.DACS-4 noRadsBinned CorePlusR5/Data Fields/Convergence
  volume:=:427
  Units:=:NoUnits
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:R1A:118.B22D:PT.S0.DACS-4 noRadsBinned CorePlusR5Convergence
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R1A:118.B22D:PT.S0.DACS-4 noRadsBinned CorePlusR5/Data Fields/L2gpPrecision
  volume:=:3020
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:R1A:118.B22D:PT.S0.DACS-4 noRadsBinned CorePlusR5Precision
  Units:=:vmr
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R1A:118.B22D:PT.S0.DACS-4 noRadsBinned CorePlusR5/Data Fields/L2gpValue
  volume:=:49746
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:R1A:118.B22D:PT.S0.DACS-4 noRadsBinned CorePlusR5
  Units:=:vmr
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R1A:118.B22D:PT.S0.DACS-4 noRadsBinned CorePlusR5/Data Fields/Quality
  volume:=:427
  Units:=:NoUnits
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:R1A:118.B22D:PT.S0.DACS-4 noRadsBinned CorePlusR5Quality
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R1A:118.B22D:PT.S0.DACS-4 noRadsBinned CorePlusR5/Data Fields/Status
  volume:=:426
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:R1A:118.B22D:PT.S0.DACS-4 noRadsBinned CorePlusR5Status
  Units:=:NoUnits
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R1A:118.B22D:PT.S0.DACS-4 noRadsBinned CorePlusR5/Geolocation Fields/ChunkNumber
  volume:=:1852
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:ChunkNumber
  Units:=:NoUnits
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R1A:118.B22D:PT.S0.DACS-4 noRadsBinned CorePlusR5/Geolocation Fields/Latitude
  volume:=:14322
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
  Title:=:Latitude
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R1A:118.B22D:PT.S0.DACS-4 noRadsBinned CorePlusR5/Geolocation Fields/LineOfSightAngle
  volume:=:13010
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:LineOfSightAngle
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R1A:118.B22D:PT.S0.DACS-4 noRadsBinned CorePlusR5/Geolocation Fields/LocalSolarTime
  volume:=:14074
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:LocalSolarTime
  Units:=:h
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R1A:118.B22D:PT.S0.DACS-4 noRadsBinned CorePlusR5/Geolocation Fields/Longitude
  volume:=:14269
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:Longitude
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R1A:118.B22D:PT.S0.DACS-4 noRadsBinned CorePlusR5/Geolocation Fields/OrbitGeodeticAngle
  volume:=:5868
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:OrbitGeodeticAngle
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R1A:118.B22D:PT.S0.DACS-4 noRadsBinned CorePlusR5/Geolocation Fields/Pressure
  volume:=:148
  _FillValue:=:
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  Title:=:Pressure
  Units:=:hPa
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:Aura-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R1A:118.B22D:PT.S0.DACS-4 noRadsBinned CorePlusR5/Geolocation Fields/SolarZenithAngle
  volume:=:14213
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:SolarZenithAngle
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R1A:118.B22D:PT.S0.DACS-4 noRadsBinned CorePlusR5/Geolocation Fields/Time
  volume:=:19031
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:Time
  Units:=:s
  MissingValue:=:
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:Aura-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R1A:118.B22D:PT.S0.DACS-4 noRadsBinned CorePlusR5/nLevels
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
  REFERENCE_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R1A:118.B22D:PT.S0.DACS-4 noRadsBinned CorePlusR5/nTimes
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
  REFERENCE_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R1A:118.B22D:PT.S0.DACS-4 noRadsBinned CorePlusR5/nTimesTotal
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R1A:118.B22D:PT.S0.DACS-4 noRadsBinned FinalPtan/Data Fields/Convergence
  volume:=:427
  Units:=:NoUnits
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:R1A:118.B22D:PT.S0.DACS-4 noRadsBinned FinalPtanConvergence
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R1A:118.B22D:PT.S0.DACS-4 noRadsBinned FinalPtan/Data Fields/L2gpPrecision
  volume:=:3020
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:R1A:118.B22D:PT.S0.DACS-4 noRadsBinned FinalPtanPrecision
  Units:=:vmr
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R1A:118.B22D:PT.S0.DACS-4 noRadsBinned FinalPtan/Data Fields/L2gpValue
  volume:=:47364
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:R1A:118.B22D:PT.S0.DACS-4 noRadsBinned FinalPtan
  Units:=:vmr
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R1A:118.B22D:PT.S0.DACS-4 noRadsBinned FinalPtan/Data Fields/Quality
  volume:=:427
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:R1A:118.B22D:PT.S0.DACS-4 noRadsBinned FinalPtanQuality
  Units:=:NoUnits
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R1A:118.B22D:PT.S0.DACS-4 noRadsBinned FinalPtan/Data Fields/Status
  volume:=:426
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:R1A:118.B22D:PT.S0.DACS-4 noRadsBinned FinalPtanStatus
  Units:=:NoUnits
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R1A:118.B22D:PT.S0.DACS-4 noRadsBinned FinalPtan/Geolocation Fields/ChunkNumber
  volume:=:1852
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:ChunkNumber
  Units:=:NoUnits
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R1A:118.B22D:PT.S0.DACS-4 noRadsBinned FinalPtan/Geolocation Fields/Latitude
  volume:=:14322
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:Latitude
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R1A:118.B22D:PT.S0.DACS-4 noRadsBinned FinalPtan/Geolocation Fields/LineOfSightAngle
  volume:=:13010
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:LineOfSightAngle
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R1A:118.B22D:PT.S0.DACS-4 noRadsBinned FinalPtan/Geolocation Fields/LocalSolarTime
  volume:=:14074
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:LocalSolarTime
  Units:=:h
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R1A:118.B22D:PT.S0.DACS-4 noRadsBinned FinalPtan/Geolocation Fields/Longitude
  volume:=:14269
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:Longitude
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R1A:118.B22D:PT.S0.DACS-4 noRadsBinned FinalPtan/Geolocation Fields/OrbitGeodeticAngle
  volume:=:5868
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:OrbitGeodeticAngle
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R1A:118.B22D:PT.S0.DACS-4 noRadsBinned FinalPtan/Geolocation Fields/Pressure
  volume:=:148
  _FillValue:=:
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  Title:=:Pressure
  Units:=:hPa
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:Aura-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R1A:118.B22D:PT.S0.DACS-4 noRadsBinned FinalPtan/Geolocation Fields/SolarZenithAngle
  volume:=:14213
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:SolarZenithAngle
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R1A:118.B22D:PT.S0.DACS-4 noRadsBinned FinalPtan/Geolocation Fields/Time
  volume:=:19031
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:Time
  Units:=:s
  MissingValue:=:
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:Aura-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R1A:118.B22D:PT.S0.DACS-4 noRadsBinned FinalPtan/nLevels
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
  REFERENCE_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R1A:118.B22D:PT.S0.DACS-4 noRadsBinned FinalPtan/nTimes
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
  REFERENCE_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R1A:118.B22D:PT.S0.DACS-4 noRadsBinned FinalPtan/nTimesTotal
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R1A:118.B22D:PT.S0.DACS-4 noRadsBinned UpdatePtan/Data Fields/Convergence
  volume:=:427
  Units:=:NoUnits
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:R1A:118.B22D:PT.S0.DACS-4 noRadsBinned UpdatePtanConvergence
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R1A:118.B22D:PT.S0.DACS-4 noRadsBinned UpdatePtan/Data Fields/L2gpPrecision
  volume:=:3020
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Units:=:vmr
  Title:=:R1A:118.B22D:PT.S0.DACS-4 noRadsBinned UpdatePtanPrecision
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R1A:118.B22D:PT.S0.DACS-4 noRadsBinned UpdatePtan/Data Fields/L2gpValue
  volume:=:47091
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:R1A:118.B22D:PT.S0.DACS-4 noRadsBinned UpdatePtan
  Units:=:vmr
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R1A:118.B22D:PT.S0.DACS-4 noRadsBinned UpdatePtan/Data Fields/Quality
  volume:=:427
  Units:=:NoUnits
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:R1A:118.B22D:PT.S0.DACS-4 noRadsBinned UpdatePtanQuality
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R1A:118.B22D:PT.S0.DACS-4 noRadsBinned UpdatePtan/Data Fields/Status
  volume:=:426
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:R1A:118.B22D:PT.S0.DACS-4 noRadsBinned UpdatePtanStatus
  Units:=:NoUnits
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R1A:118.B22D:PT.S0.DACS-4 noRadsBinned UpdatePtan/Geolocation Fields/ChunkNumber
  volume:=:1852
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:ChunkNumber
  Units:=:NoUnits
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R1A:118.B22D:PT.S0.DACS-4 noRadsBinned UpdatePtan/Geolocation Fields/Latitude
  volume:=:14322
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
  Title:=:Latitude
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R1A:118.B22D:PT.S0.DACS-4 noRadsBinned UpdatePtan/Geolocation Fields/LineOfSightAngle
  volume:=:13010
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:LineOfSightAngle
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R1A:118.B22D:PT.S0.DACS-4 noRadsBinned UpdatePtan/Geolocation Fields/LocalSolarTime
  volume:=:14074
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:LocalSolarTime
  Units:=:h
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R1A:118.B22D:PT.S0.DACS-4 noRadsBinned UpdatePtan/Geolocation Fields/Longitude
  volume:=:14269
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:Longitude
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R1A:118.B22D:PT.S0.DACS-4 noRadsBinned UpdatePtan/Geolocation Fields/OrbitGeodeticAngle
  volume:=:5868
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:OrbitGeodeticAngle
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R1A:118.B22D:PT.S0.DACS-4 noRadsBinned UpdatePtan/Geolocation Fields/Pressure
  volume:=:148
  _FillValue:=:
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  Title:=:Pressure
  Units:=:hPa
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:Aura-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R1A:118.B22D:PT.S0.DACS-4 noRadsBinned UpdatePtan/Geolocation Fields/SolarZenithAngle
  volume:=:14213
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:SolarZenithAngle
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R1A:118.B22D:PT.S0.DACS-4 noRadsBinned UpdatePtan/Geolocation Fields/Time
  volume:=:19031
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:Time
  Units:=:s
  MissingValue:=:
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:Aura-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R1A:118.B22D:PT.S0.DACS-4 noRadsBinned UpdatePtan/nLevels
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
  REFERENCE_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R1A:118.B22D:PT.S0.DACS-4 noRadsBinned UpdatePtan/nTimes
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
  REFERENCE_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R1A:118.B22D:PT.S0.DACS-4 noRadsBinned UpdatePtan/nTimesTotal
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R1A:118.B32W:PT.S0.WF4-1 chisqBinned CorePlusR3/Data Fields/Convergence
  volume:=:427
  Units:=:NoUnits
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:R1A:118.B32W:PT.S0.WF4-1 chisqBinned CorePlusR3Convergence
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R1A:118.B32W:PT.S0.WF4-1 chisqBinned CorePlusR3/Data Fields/L2gpPrecision
  volume:=:233636
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:R1A:118.B32W:PT.S0.WF4-1 chisqBinned CorePlusR3Precision
  Units:=:vmr
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R1A:118.B32W:PT.S0.WF4-1 chisqBinned CorePlusR3/Data Fields/L2gpValue
  volume:=:234901
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:R1A:118.B32W:PT.S0.WF4-1 chisqBinned CorePlusR3
  Units:=:vmr
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R1A:118.B32W:PT.S0.WF4-1 chisqBinned CorePlusR3/Data Fields/Quality
  volume:=:427
  Units:=:NoUnits
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:R1A:118.B32W:PT.S0.WF4-1 chisqBinned CorePlusR3Quality
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R1A:118.B32W:PT.S0.WF4-1 chisqBinned CorePlusR3/Data Fields/Status
  volume:=:426
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:R1A:118.B32W:PT.S0.WF4-1 chisqBinned CorePlusR3Status
  Units:=:NoUnits
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R1A:118.B32W:PT.S0.WF4-1 chisqBinned CorePlusR3/Geolocation Fields/ChunkNumber
  volume:=:1852
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:ChunkNumber
  Units:=:NoUnits
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R1A:118.B32W:PT.S0.WF4-1 chisqBinned CorePlusR3/Geolocation Fields/Latitude
  volume:=:14322
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
  Title:=:Latitude
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R1A:118.B32W:PT.S0.WF4-1 chisqBinned CorePlusR3/Geolocation Fields/LineOfSightAngle
  volume:=:13010
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:LineOfSightAngle
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R1A:118.B32W:PT.S0.WF4-1 chisqBinned CorePlusR3/Geolocation Fields/LocalSolarTime
  volume:=:14074
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:LocalSolarTime
  Units:=:h
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R1A:118.B32W:PT.S0.WF4-1 chisqBinned CorePlusR3/Geolocation Fields/Longitude
  volume:=:14269
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:Longitude
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R1A:118.B32W:PT.S0.WF4-1 chisqBinned CorePlusR3/Geolocation Fields/OrbitGeodeticAngle
  volume:=:5868
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:OrbitGeodeticAngle
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R1A:118.B32W:PT.S0.WF4-1 chisqBinned CorePlusR3/Geolocation Fields/Pressure
  volume:=:148
  _FillValue:=:
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  Title:=:Pressure
  Units:=:hPa
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:Aura-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R1A:118.B32W:PT.S0.WF4-1 chisqBinned CorePlusR3/Geolocation Fields/SolarZenithAngle
  volume:=:14213
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:SolarZenithAngle
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R1A:118.B32W:PT.S0.WF4-1 chisqBinned CorePlusR3/Geolocation Fields/Time
  volume:=:19031
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:Time
  Units:=:s
  MissingValue:=:
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:Aura-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R1A:118.B32W:PT.S0.WF4-1 chisqBinned CorePlusR3/nLevels
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
  REFERENCE_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R1A:118.B32W:PT.S0.WF4-1 chisqBinned CorePlusR3/nTimes
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
  REFERENCE_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R1A:118.B32W:PT.S0.WF4-1 chisqBinned CorePlusR3/nTimesTotal
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R1A:118.B32W:PT.S0.WF4-1 chisqBinned CorePlusR5/Data Fields/Convergence
  volume:=:427
  Units:=:NoUnits
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:R1A:118.B32W:PT.S0.WF4-1 chisqBinned CorePlusR5Convergence
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R1A:118.B32W:PT.S0.WF4-1 chisqBinned CorePlusR5/Data Fields/L2gpPrecision
  volume:=:233195
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:R1A:118.B32W:PT.S0.WF4-1 chisqBinned CorePlusR5Precision
  Units:=:vmr
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R1A:118.B32W:PT.S0.WF4-1 chisqBinned CorePlusR5/Data Fields/L2gpValue
  volume:=:234466
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:R1A:118.B32W:PT.S0.WF4-1 chisqBinned CorePlusR5
  Units:=:vmr
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R1A:118.B32W:PT.S0.WF4-1 chisqBinned CorePlusR5/Data Fields/Quality
  volume:=:427
  Units:=:NoUnits
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:R1A:118.B32W:PT.S0.WF4-1 chisqBinned CorePlusR5Quality
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R1A:118.B32W:PT.S0.WF4-1 chisqBinned CorePlusR5/Data Fields/Status
  volume:=:426
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:R1A:118.B32W:PT.S0.WF4-1 chisqBinned CorePlusR5Status
  Units:=:NoUnits
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R1A:118.B32W:PT.S0.WF4-1 chisqBinned CorePlusR5/Geolocation Fields/ChunkNumber
  volume:=:1852
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:ChunkNumber
  Units:=:NoUnits
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R1A:118.B32W:PT.S0.WF4-1 chisqBinned CorePlusR5/Geolocation Fields/Latitude
  volume:=:14322
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
  Title:=:Latitude
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R1A:118.B32W:PT.S0.WF4-1 chisqBinned CorePlusR5/Geolocation Fields/LineOfSightAngle
  volume:=:13010
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:LineOfSightAngle
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R1A:118.B32W:PT.S0.WF4-1 chisqBinned CorePlusR5/Geolocation Fields/LocalSolarTime
  volume:=:14074
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:LocalSolarTime
  Units:=:h
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R1A:118.B32W:PT.S0.WF4-1 chisqBinned CorePlusR5/Geolocation Fields/Longitude
  volume:=:14269
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:Longitude
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R1A:118.B32W:PT.S0.WF4-1 chisqBinned CorePlusR5/Geolocation Fields/OrbitGeodeticAngle
  volume:=:5868
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:OrbitGeodeticAngle
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R1A:118.B32W:PT.S0.WF4-1 chisqBinned CorePlusR5/Geolocation Fields/Pressure
  volume:=:148
  _FillValue:=:
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  Title:=:Pressure
  Units:=:hPa
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:Aura-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R1A:118.B32W:PT.S0.WF4-1 chisqBinned CorePlusR5/Geolocation Fields/SolarZenithAngle
  volume:=:14213
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:SolarZenithAngle
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R1A:118.B32W:PT.S0.WF4-1 chisqBinned CorePlusR5/Geolocation Fields/Time
  volume:=:19031
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:Time
  Units:=:s
  MissingValue:=:
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:Aura-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R1A:118.B32W:PT.S0.WF4-1 chisqBinned CorePlusR5/nLevels
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
  REFERENCE_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R1A:118.B32W:PT.S0.WF4-1 chisqBinned CorePlusR5/nTimes
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
  REFERENCE_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R1A:118.B32W:PT.S0.WF4-1 chisqBinned CorePlusR5/nTimesTotal
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R1A:118.B32W:PT.S0.WF4-1 chisqBinned FinalPtan/Data Fields/Convergence
  volume:=:427
  Units:=:NoUnits
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:R1A:118.B32W:PT.S0.WF4-1 chisqBinned FinalPtanConvergence
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R1A:118.B32W:PT.S0.WF4-1 chisqBinned FinalPtan/Data Fields/L2gpPrecision
  volume:=:233158
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:R1A:118.B32W:PT.S0.WF4-1 chisqBinned FinalPtanPrecision
  Units:=:vmr
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R1A:118.B32W:PT.S0.WF4-1 chisqBinned FinalPtan/Data Fields/L2gpValue
  volume:=:235050
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:R1A:118.B32W:PT.S0.WF4-1 chisqBinned FinalPtan
  Units:=:vmr
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R1A:118.B32W:PT.S0.WF4-1 chisqBinned FinalPtan/Data Fields/Quality
  volume:=:427
  Units:=:NoUnits
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:R1A:118.B32W:PT.S0.WF4-1 chisqBinned FinalPtanQuality
  MissingValue:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R1A:118.B32W:PT.S0.WF4-1 chisqBinned FinalPtan/Data Fields/Status
  volume:=:426
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:R1A:118.B32W:PT.S0.WF4-1 chisqBinned FinalPtanStatus
  Units:=:NoUnits
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R1A:118.B32W:PT.S0.WF4-1 chisqBinned FinalPtan/Geolocation Fields/ChunkNumber
  volume:=:1852
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:ChunkNumber
  Units:=:NoUnits
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R1A:118.B32W:PT.S0.WF4-1 chisqBinned FinalPtan/Geolocation Fields/Latitude
  volume:=:14322
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
  Title:=:Latitude
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R1A:118.B32W:PT.S0.WF4-1 chisqBinned FinalPtan/Geolocation Fields/LineOfSightAngle
  volume:=:13010
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:LineOfSightAngle
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R1A:118.B32W:PT.S0.WF4-1 chisqBinned FinalPtan/Geolocation Fields/LocalSolarTime
  volume:=:14074
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:LocalSolarTime
  Units:=:h
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R1A:118.B32W:PT.S0.WF4-1 chisqBinned FinalPtan/Geolocation Fields/Longitude
  volume:=:14269
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:Longitude
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R1A:118.B32W:PT.S0.WF4-1 chisqBinned FinalPtan/Geolocation Fields/OrbitGeodeticAngle
  volume:=:5868
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:OrbitGeodeticAngle
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R1A:118.B32W:PT.S0.WF4-1 chisqBinned FinalPtan/Geolocation Fields/Pressure
  volume:=:148
  _FillValue:=:
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  Title:=:Pressure
  Units:=:hPa
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:Aura-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R1A:118.B32W:PT.S0.WF4-1 chisqBinned FinalPtan/Geolocation Fields/SolarZenithAngle
  volume:=:14213
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:SolarZenithAngle
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R1A:118.B32W:PT.S0.WF4-1 chisqBinned FinalPtan/Geolocation Fields/Time
  volume:=:19031
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:Time
  Units:=:s
  MissingValue:=:
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:Aura-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R1A:118.B32W:PT.S0.WF4-1 chisqBinned FinalPtan/nLevels
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
  REFERENCE_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R1A:118.B32W:PT.S0.WF4-1 chisqBinned FinalPtan/nTimes
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
  REFERENCE_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R1A:118.B32W:PT.S0.WF4-1 chisqBinned FinalPtan/nTimesTotal
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R1A:118.B32W:PT.S0.WF4-1 chisqBinned InitPtan/Data Fields/Convergence
  volume:=:427
  Units:=:NoUnits
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:R1A:118.B32W:PT.S0.WF4-1 chisqBinned InitPtanConvergence
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R1A:118.B32W:PT.S0.WF4-1 chisqBinned InitPtan/Data Fields/L2gpPrecision
  volume:=:233986
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:R1A:118.B32W:PT.S0.WF4-1 chisqBinned InitPtanPrecision
  Units:=:vmr
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R1A:118.B32W:PT.S0.WF4-1 chisqBinned InitPtan/Data Fields/L2gpValue
  volume:=:235266
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:R1A:118.B32W:PT.S0.WF4-1 chisqBinned InitPtan
  Units:=:vmr
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R1A:118.B32W:PT.S0.WF4-1 chisqBinned InitPtan/Data Fields/Quality
  volume:=:427
  Units:=:NoUnits
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:R1A:118.B32W:PT.S0.WF4-1 chisqBinned InitPtanQuality
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R1A:118.B32W:PT.S0.WF4-1 chisqBinned InitPtan/Data Fields/Status
  volume:=:426
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:R1A:118.B32W:PT.S0.WF4-1 chisqBinned InitPtanStatus
  Units:=:NoUnits
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R1A:118.B32W:PT.S0.WF4-1 chisqBinned InitPtan/Geolocation Fields/ChunkNumber
  volume:=:1852
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:ChunkNumber
  Units:=:NoUnits
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R1A:118.B32W:PT.S0.WF4-1 chisqBinned InitPtan/Geolocation Fields/Latitude
  volume:=:14322
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
  Title:=:Latitude
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R1A:118.B32W:PT.S0.WF4-1 chisqBinned InitPtan/Geolocation Fields/LineOfSightAngle
  volume:=:13010
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:LineOfSightAngle
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R1A:118.B32W:PT.S0.WF4-1 chisqBinned InitPtan/Geolocation Fields/LocalSolarTime
  volume:=:14074
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:LocalSolarTime
  Units:=:h
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R1A:118.B32W:PT.S0.WF4-1 chisqBinned InitPtan/Geolocation Fields/Longitude
  volume:=:14269
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:Longitude
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R1A:118.B32W:PT.S0.WF4-1 chisqBinned InitPtan/Geolocation Fields/OrbitGeodeticAngle
  volume:=:5868
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:OrbitGeodeticAngle
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R1A:118.B32W:PT.S0.WF4-1 chisqBinned InitPtan/Geolocation Fields/Pressure
  volume:=:148
  _FillValue:=:
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  Title:=:Pressure
  Units:=:hPa
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:Aura-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R1A:118.B32W:PT.S0.WF4-1 chisqBinned InitPtan/Geolocation Fields/SolarZenithAngle
  volume:=:14213
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:SolarZenithAngle
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R1A:118.B32W:PT.S0.WF4-1 chisqBinned InitPtan/Geolocation Fields/Time
  volume:=:19031
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:Time
  Units:=:s
  MissingValue:=:
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:Aura-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R1A:118.B32W:PT.S0.WF4-1 chisqBinned InitPtan/nLevels
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
  REFERENCE_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R1A:118.B32W:PT.S0.WF4-1 chisqBinned InitPtan/nTimes
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
  REFERENCE_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R1A:118.B32W:PT.S0.WF4-1 chisqBinned InitPtan/nTimesTotal
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R1A:118.B32W:PT.S0.WF4-1 chisqBinned UpdatePtan/Data Fields/Convergence
  volume:=:427
  Units:=:NoUnits
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:R1A:118.B32W:PT.S0.WF4-1 chisqBinned UpdatePtanConvergence
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R1A:118.B32W:PT.S0.WF4-1 chisqBinned UpdatePtan/Data Fields/L2gpPrecision
  volume:=:232415
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:R1A:118.B32W:PT.S0.WF4-1 chisqBinned UpdatePtanPrecision
  Units:=:vmr
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R1A:118.B32W:PT.S0.WF4-1 chisqBinned UpdatePtan/Data Fields/L2gpValue
  volume:=:233768
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:R1A:118.B32W:PT.S0.WF4-1 chisqBinned UpdatePtan
  Units:=:vmr
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R1A:118.B32W:PT.S0.WF4-1 chisqBinned UpdatePtan/Data Fields/Quality
  volume:=:427
  Units:=:NoUnits
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:R1A:118.B32W:PT.S0.WF4-1 chisqBinned UpdatePtanQuality
  MissingValue:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R1A:118.B32W:PT.S0.WF4-1 chisqBinned UpdatePtan/Data Fields/Status
  volume:=:426
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:R1A:118.B32W:PT.S0.WF4-1 chisqBinned UpdatePtanStatus
  Units:=:NoUnits
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R1A:118.B32W:PT.S0.WF4-1 chisqBinned UpdatePtan/Geolocation Fields/ChunkNumber
  volume:=:1852
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:ChunkNumber
  Units:=:NoUnits
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R1A:118.B32W:PT.S0.WF4-1 chisqBinned UpdatePtan/Geolocation Fields/Latitude
  volume:=:14322
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
  Title:=:Latitude
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R1A:118.B32W:PT.S0.WF4-1 chisqBinned UpdatePtan/Geolocation Fields/LineOfSightAngle
  volume:=:13010
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:LineOfSightAngle
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R1A:118.B32W:PT.S0.WF4-1 chisqBinned UpdatePtan/Geolocation Fields/LocalSolarTime
  volume:=:14074
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:LocalSolarTime
  Units:=:h
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R1A:118.B32W:PT.S0.WF4-1 chisqBinned UpdatePtan/Geolocation Fields/Longitude
  volume:=:14269
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:Longitude
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R1A:118.B32W:PT.S0.WF4-1 chisqBinned UpdatePtan/Geolocation Fields/OrbitGeodeticAngle
  volume:=:5868
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:OrbitGeodeticAngle
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R1A:118.B32W:PT.S0.WF4-1 chisqBinned UpdatePtan/Geolocation Fields/Pressure
  volume:=:148
  _FillValue:=:
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  Title:=:Pressure
  Units:=:hPa
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:Aura-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R1A:118.B32W:PT.S0.WF4-1 chisqBinned UpdatePtan/Geolocation Fields/SolarZenithAngle
  volume:=:14213
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:SolarZenithAngle
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R1A:118.B32W:PT.S0.WF4-1 chisqBinned UpdatePtan/Geolocation Fields/Time
  volume:=:19031
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:Time
  Units:=:s
  MissingValue:=:
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:Aura-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R1A:118.B32W:PT.S0.WF4-1 chisqBinned UpdatePtan/nLevels
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
  REFERENCE_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R1A:118.B32W:PT.S0.WF4-1 chisqBinned UpdatePtan/nTimes
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
  REFERENCE_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R1A:118.B32W:PT.S0.WF4-1 chisqBinned UpdatePtan/nTimesTotal
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R1A:118.B32W:PT.S0.WF4-1 noRadsBinned CorePlusR3/Data Fields/Convergence
  volume:=:427
  Units:=:NoUnits
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:R1A:118.B32W:PT.S0.WF4-1 noRadsBinned CorePlusR3Convergence
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R1A:118.B32W:PT.S0.WF4-1 noRadsBinned CorePlusR3/Data Fields/L2gpPrecision
  volume:=:3020
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:R1A:118.B32W:PT.S0.WF4-1 noRadsBinned CorePlusR3Precision
  Units:=:vmr
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R1A:118.B32W:PT.S0.WF4-1 noRadsBinned CorePlusR3/Data Fields/L2gpValue
  volume:=:40960
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:R1A:118.B32W:PT.S0.WF4-1 noRadsBinned CorePlusR3
  Units:=:vmr
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R1A:118.B32W:PT.S0.WF4-1 noRadsBinned CorePlusR3/Data Fields/Quality
  volume:=:427
  Units:=:NoUnits
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:R1A:118.B32W:PT.S0.WF4-1 noRadsBinned CorePlusR3Quality
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R1A:118.B32W:PT.S0.WF4-1 noRadsBinned CorePlusR3/Data Fields/Status
  volume:=:426
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:R1A:118.B32W:PT.S0.WF4-1 noRadsBinned CorePlusR3Status
  Units:=:NoUnits
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R1A:118.B32W:PT.S0.WF4-1 noRadsBinned CorePlusR3/Geolocation Fields/ChunkNumber
  volume:=:1852
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:ChunkNumber
  Units:=:NoUnits
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R1A:118.B32W:PT.S0.WF4-1 noRadsBinned CorePlusR3/Geolocation Fields/Latitude
  volume:=:14322
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
  Title:=:Latitude
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R1A:118.B32W:PT.S0.WF4-1 noRadsBinned CorePlusR3/Geolocation Fields/LineOfSightAngle
  volume:=:13010
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:LineOfSightAngle
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R1A:118.B32W:PT.S0.WF4-1 noRadsBinned CorePlusR3/Geolocation Fields/LocalSolarTime
  volume:=:14074
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:LocalSolarTime
  Units:=:h
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R1A:118.B32W:PT.S0.WF4-1 noRadsBinned CorePlusR3/Geolocation Fields/Longitude
  volume:=:14269
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:Longitude
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R1A:118.B32W:PT.S0.WF4-1 noRadsBinned CorePlusR3/Geolocation Fields/OrbitGeodeticAngle
  volume:=:5868
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:OrbitGeodeticAngle
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R1A:118.B32W:PT.S0.WF4-1 noRadsBinned CorePlusR3/Geolocation Fields/Pressure
  volume:=:148
  _FillValue:=:
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  Title:=:Pressure
  Units:=:hPa
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:Aura-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R1A:118.B32W:PT.S0.WF4-1 noRadsBinned CorePlusR3/Geolocation Fields/SolarZenithAngle
  volume:=:14213
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:SolarZenithAngle
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R1A:118.B32W:PT.S0.WF4-1 noRadsBinned CorePlusR3/Geolocation Fields/Time
  volume:=:19031
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:Time
  Units:=:s
  MissingValue:=:
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:Aura-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R1A:118.B32W:PT.S0.WF4-1 noRadsBinned CorePlusR3/nLevels
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
  REFERENCE_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R1A:118.B32W:PT.S0.WF4-1 noRadsBinned CorePlusR3/nTimes
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
  REFERENCE_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R1A:118.B32W:PT.S0.WF4-1 noRadsBinned CorePlusR3/nTimesTotal
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R1A:118.B32W:PT.S0.WF4-1 noRadsBinned CorePlusR5/Data Fields/Convergence
  volume:=:427
  Units:=:NoUnits
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:R1A:118.B32W:PT.S0.WF4-1 noRadsBinned CorePlusR5Convergence
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R1A:118.B32W:PT.S0.WF4-1 noRadsBinned CorePlusR5/Data Fields/L2gpPrecision
  volume:=:3020
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:R1A:118.B32W:PT.S0.WF4-1 noRadsBinned CorePlusR5Precision
  Units:=:vmr
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R1A:118.B32W:PT.S0.WF4-1 noRadsBinned CorePlusR5/Data Fields/L2gpValue
  volume:=:40843
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:R1A:118.B32W:PT.S0.WF4-1 noRadsBinned CorePlusR5
  Units:=:vmr
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R1A:118.B32W:PT.S0.WF4-1 noRadsBinned CorePlusR5/Data Fields/Quality
  volume:=:427
  Units:=:NoUnits
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:R1A:118.B32W:PT.S0.WF4-1 noRadsBinned CorePlusR5Quality
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R1A:118.B32W:PT.S0.WF4-1 noRadsBinned CorePlusR5/Data Fields/Status
  volume:=:426
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:R1A:118.B32W:PT.S0.WF4-1 noRadsBinned CorePlusR5Status
  Units:=:NoUnits
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R1A:118.B32W:PT.S0.WF4-1 noRadsBinned CorePlusR5/Geolocation Fields/ChunkNumber
  volume:=:1852
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:ChunkNumber
  Units:=:NoUnits
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R1A:118.B32W:PT.S0.WF4-1 noRadsBinned CorePlusR5/Geolocation Fields/Latitude
  volume:=:14322
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
  Title:=:Latitude
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R1A:118.B32W:PT.S0.WF4-1 noRadsBinned CorePlusR5/Geolocation Fields/LineOfSightAngle
  volume:=:13010
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:LineOfSightAngle
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R1A:118.B32W:PT.S0.WF4-1 noRadsBinned CorePlusR5/Geolocation Fields/LocalSolarTime
  volume:=:14074
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:LocalSolarTime
  Units:=:h
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R1A:118.B32W:PT.S0.WF4-1 noRadsBinned CorePlusR5/Geolocation Fields/Longitude
  volume:=:14269
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:Longitude
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R1A:118.B32W:PT.S0.WF4-1 noRadsBinned CorePlusR5/Geolocation Fields/OrbitGeodeticAngle
  volume:=:5868
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:OrbitGeodeticAngle
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R1A:118.B32W:PT.S0.WF4-1 noRadsBinned CorePlusR5/Geolocation Fields/Pressure
  volume:=:148
  _FillValue:=:
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  Title:=:Pressure
  Units:=:hPa
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:Aura-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R1A:118.B32W:PT.S0.WF4-1 noRadsBinned CorePlusR5/Geolocation Fields/SolarZenithAngle
  volume:=:14213
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:SolarZenithAngle
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R1A:118.B32W:PT.S0.WF4-1 noRadsBinned CorePlusR5/Geolocation Fields/Time
  volume:=:19031
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:Time
  Units:=:s
  MissingValue:=:
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:Aura-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R1A:118.B32W:PT.S0.WF4-1 noRadsBinned CorePlusR5/nLevels
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
  REFERENCE_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R1A:118.B32W:PT.S0.WF4-1 noRadsBinned CorePlusR5/nTimes
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
  REFERENCE_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R1A:118.B32W:PT.S0.WF4-1 noRadsBinned CorePlusR5/nTimesTotal
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R1A:118.B32W:PT.S0.WF4-1 noRadsBinned FinalPtan/Data Fields/Convergence
  volume:=:427
  Units:=:NoUnits
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:R1A:118.B32W:PT.S0.WF4-1 noRadsBinned FinalPtanConvergence
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R1A:118.B32W:PT.S0.WF4-1 noRadsBinned FinalPtan/Data Fields/L2gpPrecision
  volume:=:3020
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:R1A:118.B32W:PT.S0.WF4-1 noRadsBinned FinalPtanPrecision
  Units:=:vmr
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R1A:118.B32W:PT.S0.WF4-1 noRadsBinned FinalPtan/Data Fields/L2gpValue
  volume:=:38267
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:R1A:118.B32W:PT.S0.WF4-1 noRadsBinned FinalPtan
  Units:=:vmr
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R1A:118.B32W:PT.S0.WF4-1 noRadsBinned FinalPtan/Data Fields/Quality
  volume:=:427
  Units:=:NoUnits
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:R1A:118.B32W:PT.S0.WF4-1 noRadsBinned FinalPtanQuality
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R1A:118.B32W:PT.S0.WF4-1 noRadsBinned FinalPtan/Data Fields/Status
  volume:=:426
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:R1A:118.B32W:PT.S0.WF4-1 noRadsBinned FinalPtanStatus
  Units:=:NoUnits
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R1A:118.B32W:PT.S0.WF4-1 noRadsBinned FinalPtan/Geolocation Fields/ChunkNumber
  volume:=:1852
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:ChunkNumber
  Units:=:NoUnits
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R1A:118.B32W:PT.S0.WF4-1 noRadsBinned FinalPtan/Geolocation Fields/Latitude
  volume:=:14322
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
  Title:=:Latitude
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R1A:118.B32W:PT.S0.WF4-1 noRadsBinned FinalPtan/Geolocation Fields/LineOfSightAngle
  volume:=:13010
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:LineOfSightAngle
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R1A:118.B32W:PT.S0.WF4-1 noRadsBinned FinalPtan/Geolocation Fields/LocalSolarTime
  volume:=:14074
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:LocalSolarTime
  Units:=:h
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R1A:118.B32W:PT.S0.WF4-1 noRadsBinned FinalPtan/Geolocation Fields/Longitude
  volume:=:14269
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:Longitude
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R1A:118.B32W:PT.S0.WF4-1 noRadsBinned FinalPtan/Geolocation Fields/OrbitGeodeticAngle
  volume:=:5868
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:OrbitGeodeticAngle
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R1A:118.B32W:PT.S0.WF4-1 noRadsBinned FinalPtan/Geolocation Fields/Pressure
  volume:=:148
  _FillValue:=:
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  Title:=:Pressure
  Units:=:hPa
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:Aura-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R1A:118.B32W:PT.S0.WF4-1 noRadsBinned FinalPtan/Geolocation Fields/SolarZenithAngle
  volume:=:14213
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:SolarZenithAngle
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R1A:118.B32W:PT.S0.WF4-1 noRadsBinned FinalPtan/Geolocation Fields/Time
  volume:=:19031
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:Time
  Units:=:s
  MissingValue:=:
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:Aura-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R1A:118.B32W:PT.S0.WF4-1 noRadsBinned FinalPtan/nLevels
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
  REFERENCE_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R1A:118.B32W:PT.S0.WF4-1 noRadsBinned FinalPtan/nTimes
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
  REFERENCE_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R1A:118.B32W:PT.S0.WF4-1 noRadsBinned FinalPtan/nTimesTotal
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R1A:118.B32W:PT.S0.WF4-1 noRadsBinned InitPtan/Data Fields/Convergence
  volume:=:427
  Units:=:NoUnits
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:R1A:118.B32W:PT.S0.WF4-1 noRadsBinned InitPtanConvergence
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R1A:118.B32W:PT.S0.WF4-1 noRadsBinned InitPtan/Data Fields/L2gpPrecision
  volume:=:3020
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:R1A:118.B32W:PT.S0.WF4-1 noRadsBinned InitPtanPrecision
  Units:=:vmr
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R1A:118.B32W:PT.S0.WF4-1 noRadsBinned InitPtan/Data Fields/L2gpValue
  volume:=:35807
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:R1A:118.B32W:PT.S0.WF4-1 noRadsBinned InitPtan
  Units:=:vmr
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R1A:118.B32W:PT.S0.WF4-1 noRadsBinned InitPtan/Data Fields/Quality
  volume:=:427
  Units:=:NoUnits
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:R1A:118.B32W:PT.S0.WF4-1 noRadsBinned InitPtanQuality
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R1A:118.B32W:PT.S0.WF4-1 noRadsBinned InitPtan/Data Fields/Status
  volume:=:426
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:R1A:118.B32W:PT.S0.WF4-1 noRadsBinned InitPtanStatus
  Units:=:NoUnits
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R1A:118.B32W:PT.S0.WF4-1 noRadsBinned InitPtan/Geolocation Fields/ChunkNumber
  volume:=:1852
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:ChunkNumber
  Units:=:NoUnits
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R1A:118.B32W:PT.S0.WF4-1 noRadsBinned InitPtan/Geolocation Fields/Latitude
  volume:=:14322
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
  Title:=:Latitude
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R1A:118.B32W:PT.S0.WF4-1 noRadsBinned InitPtan/Geolocation Fields/LineOfSightAngle
  volume:=:13010
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:LineOfSightAngle
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R1A:118.B32W:PT.S0.WF4-1 noRadsBinned InitPtan/Geolocation Fields/LocalSolarTime
  volume:=:14074
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:LocalSolarTime
  Units:=:h
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R1A:118.B32W:PT.S0.WF4-1 noRadsBinned InitPtan/Geolocation Fields/Longitude
  volume:=:14269
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:Longitude
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R1A:118.B32W:PT.S0.WF4-1 noRadsBinned InitPtan/Geolocation Fields/OrbitGeodeticAngle
  volume:=:5868
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:OrbitGeodeticAngle
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R1A:118.B32W:PT.S0.WF4-1 noRadsBinned InitPtan/Geolocation Fields/Pressure
  volume:=:148
  _FillValue:=:
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  Title:=:Pressure
  Units:=:hPa
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:Aura-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R1A:118.B32W:PT.S0.WF4-1 noRadsBinned InitPtan/Geolocation Fields/SolarZenithAngle
  volume:=:14213
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:SolarZenithAngle
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R1A:118.B32W:PT.S0.WF4-1 noRadsBinned InitPtan/Geolocation Fields/Time
  volume:=:19031
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:Time
  Units:=:s
  MissingValue:=:
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:Aura-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R1A:118.B32W:PT.S0.WF4-1 noRadsBinned InitPtan/nLevels
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
  REFERENCE_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R1A:118.B32W:PT.S0.WF4-1 noRadsBinned InitPtan/nTimes
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
  REFERENCE_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R1A:118.B32W:PT.S0.WF4-1 noRadsBinned InitPtan/nTimesTotal
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R1A:118.B32W:PT.S0.WF4-1 noRadsBinned UpdatePtan/Data Fields/Convergence
  volume:=:427
  Units:=:NoUnits
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:R1A:118.B32W:PT.S0.WF4-1 noRadsBinned UpdatePtanConvergence
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R1A:118.B32W:PT.S0.WF4-1 noRadsBinned UpdatePtan/Data Fields/L2gpPrecision
  volume:=:3020
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:R1A:118.B32W:PT.S0.WF4-1 noRadsBinned UpdatePtanPrecision
  Units:=:vmr
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R1A:118.B32W:PT.S0.WF4-1 noRadsBinned UpdatePtan/Data Fields/L2gpValue
  volume:=:38806
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:R1A:118.B32W:PT.S0.WF4-1 noRadsBinned UpdatePtan
  Units:=:vmr
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R1A:118.B32W:PT.S0.WF4-1 noRadsBinned UpdatePtan/Data Fields/Quality
  volume:=:427
  Units:=:NoUnits
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:R1A:118.B32W:PT.S0.WF4-1 noRadsBinned UpdatePtanQuality
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R1A:118.B32W:PT.S0.WF4-1 noRadsBinned UpdatePtan/Data Fields/Status
  volume:=:426
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:R1A:118.B32W:PT.S0.WF4-1 noRadsBinned UpdatePtanStatus
  Units:=:NoUnits
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R1A:118.B32W:PT.S0.WF4-1 noRadsBinned UpdatePtan/Geolocation Fields/ChunkNumber
  volume:=:1852
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:ChunkNumber
  Units:=:NoUnits
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R1A:118.B32W:PT.S0.WF4-1 noRadsBinned UpdatePtan/Geolocation Fields/Latitude
  volume:=:14322
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
  Title:=:Latitude
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R1A:118.B32W:PT.S0.WF4-1 noRadsBinned UpdatePtan/Geolocation Fields/LineOfSightAngle
  volume:=:13010
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:LineOfSightAngle
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R1A:118.B32W:PT.S0.WF4-1 noRadsBinned UpdatePtan/Geolocation Fields/LocalSolarTime
  volume:=:14074
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:LocalSolarTime
  Units:=:h
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R1A:118.B32W:PT.S0.WF4-1 noRadsBinned UpdatePtan/Geolocation Fields/Longitude
  volume:=:14269
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:Longitude
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R1A:118.B32W:PT.S0.WF4-1 noRadsBinned UpdatePtan/Geolocation Fields/OrbitGeodeticAngle
  volume:=:5868
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:OrbitGeodeticAngle
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R1A:118.B32W:PT.S0.WF4-1 noRadsBinned UpdatePtan/Geolocation Fields/Pressure
  volume:=:148
  _FillValue:=:
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  Title:=:Pressure
  Units:=:hPa
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:Aura-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R1A:118.B32W:PT.S0.WF4-1 noRadsBinned UpdatePtan/Geolocation Fields/SolarZenithAngle
  volume:=:14213
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:SolarZenithAngle
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R1A:118.B32W:PT.S0.WF4-1 noRadsBinned UpdatePtan/Geolocation Fields/Time
  volume:=:19031
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:Time
  Units:=:s
  MissingValue:=:
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:Aura-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R1A:118.B32W:PT.S0.WF4-1 noRadsBinned UpdatePtan/nLevels
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
  REFERENCE_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R1A:118.B32W:PT.S0.WF4-1 noRadsBinned UpdatePtan/nTimes
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
  REFERENCE_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R1A:118.B32W:PT.S0.WF4-1 noRadsBinned UpdatePtan/nTimesTotal
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R1A:118.B32W:PT.S0.WF4-1.C4 cloudMax/Data Fields/Convergence
  volume:=:427
  Units:=:NoUnits
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:R1A:118.B32W:PT.S0.WF4-1.C4 cloudMaxConvergence
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R1A:118.B32W:PT.S0.WF4-1.C4 cloudMax/Data Fields/L2gpPrecision
  volume:=:3020
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:R1A:118.B32W:PT.S0.WF4-1.C4 cloudMaxPrecision
  Units:=:vmr
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R1A:118.B32W:PT.S0.WF4-1.C4 cloudMax/Data Fields/L2gpValue
  volume:=:3020
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:R1A:118.B32W:PT.S0.WF4-1.C4 cloudMax
  Units:=:vmr
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R1A:118.B32W:PT.S0.WF4-1.C4 cloudMax/Data Fields/Quality
  volume:=:427
  Units:=:NoUnits
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:R1A:118.B32W:PT.S0.WF4-1.C4 cloudMaxQuality
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R1A:118.B32W:PT.S0.WF4-1.C4 cloudMax/Data Fields/Status
  volume:=:426
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:R1A:118.B32W:PT.S0.WF4-1.C4 cloudMaxStatus
  Units:=:NoUnits
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R1A:118.B32W:PT.S0.WF4-1.C4 cloudMax/Geolocation Fields/ChunkNumber
  volume:=:1852
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:ChunkNumber
  Units:=:NoUnits
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R1A:118.B32W:PT.S0.WF4-1.C4 cloudMax/Geolocation Fields/Latitude
  volume:=:14322
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
  Title:=:Latitude
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R1A:118.B32W:PT.S0.WF4-1.C4 cloudMax/Geolocation Fields/LineOfSightAngle
  volume:=:13010
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:LineOfSightAngle
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R1A:118.B32W:PT.S0.WF4-1.C4 cloudMax/Geolocation Fields/LocalSolarTime
  volume:=:14074
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:LocalSolarTime
  Units:=:h
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R1A:118.B32W:PT.S0.WF4-1.C4 cloudMax/Geolocation Fields/Longitude
  volume:=:14269
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:Longitude
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R1A:118.B32W:PT.S0.WF4-1.C4 cloudMax/Geolocation Fields/OrbitGeodeticAngle
  volume:=:5868
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:OrbitGeodeticAngle
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R1A:118.B32W:PT.S0.WF4-1.C4 cloudMax/Geolocation Fields/Pressure
  volume:=:148
  _FillValue:=:
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  Title:=:Pressure
  Units:=:hPa
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:Aura-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R1A:118.B32W:PT.S0.WF4-1.C4 cloudMax/Geolocation Fields/SolarZenithAngle
  volume:=:14213
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:SolarZenithAngle
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R1A:118.B32W:PT.S0.WF4-1.C4 cloudMax/Geolocation Fields/Time
  volume:=:19031
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:Time
  Units:=:s
  MissingValue:=:
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:Aura-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R1A:118.B32W:PT.S0.WF4-1.C4 cloudMax/nLevels
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
  REFERENCE_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R1A:118.B32W:PT.S0.WF4-1.C4 cloudMax/nTimes
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
  REFERENCE_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R1A:118.B32W:PT.S0.WF4-1.C4 cloudMax/nTimesTotal
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R1A:118.B32W:PT.S0.WF4-1.C4 cloudMin/Data Fields/Convergence
  volume:=:427
  Units:=:NoUnits
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:R1A:118.B32W:PT.S0.WF4-1.C4 cloudMinConvergence
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R1A:118.B32W:PT.S0.WF4-1.C4 cloudMin/Data Fields/L2gpPrecision
  volume:=:3020
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:R1A:118.B32W:PT.S0.WF4-1.C4 cloudMinPrecision
  Units:=:vmr
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R1A:118.B32W:PT.S0.WF4-1.C4 cloudMin/Data Fields/L2gpValue
  volume:=:3020
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:R1A:118.B32W:PT.S0.WF4-1.C4 cloudMin
  Units:=:vmr
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R1A:118.B32W:PT.S0.WF4-1.C4 cloudMin/Data Fields/Quality
  volume:=:427
  Units:=:NoUnits
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:R1A:118.B32W:PT.S0.WF4-1.C4 cloudMinQuality
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R1A:118.B32W:PT.S0.WF4-1.C4 cloudMin/Data Fields/Status
  volume:=:426
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:R1A:118.B32W:PT.S0.WF4-1.C4 cloudMinStatus
  Units:=:NoUnits
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R1A:118.B32W:PT.S0.WF4-1.C4 cloudMin/Geolocation Fields/ChunkNumber
  volume:=:1852
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:ChunkNumber
  Units:=:NoUnits
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R1A:118.B32W:PT.S0.WF4-1.C4 cloudMin/Geolocation Fields/Latitude
  volume:=:14322
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:Latitude
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R1A:118.B32W:PT.S0.WF4-1.C4 cloudMin/Geolocation Fields/LineOfSightAngle
  volume:=:13010
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:LineOfSightAngle
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R1A:118.B32W:PT.S0.WF4-1.C4 cloudMin/Geolocation Fields/LocalSolarTime
  volume:=:14074
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:LocalSolarTime
  Units:=:h
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R1A:118.B32W:PT.S0.WF4-1.C4 cloudMin/Geolocation Fields/Longitude
  volume:=:14269
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:Longitude
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R1A:118.B32W:PT.S0.WF4-1.C4 cloudMin/Geolocation Fields/OrbitGeodeticAngle
  volume:=:5868
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:OrbitGeodeticAngle
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R1A:118.B32W:PT.S0.WF4-1.C4 cloudMin/Geolocation Fields/Pressure
  volume:=:148
  _FillValue:=:
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  Title:=:Pressure
  Units:=:hPa
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:Aura-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R1A:118.B32W:PT.S0.WF4-1.C4 cloudMin/Geolocation Fields/SolarZenithAngle
  volume:=:14213
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:SolarZenithAngle
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R1A:118.B32W:PT.S0.WF4-1.C4 cloudMin/Geolocation Fields/Time
  volume:=:19031
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:Time
  Units:=:s
  MissingValue:=:
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:Aura-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R1A:118.B32W:PT.S0.WF4-1.C4 cloudMin/nLevels
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
  REFERENCE_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R1A:118.B32W:PT.S0.WF4-1.C4 cloudMin/nTimes
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
  REFERENCE_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R1A:118.B32W:PT.S0.WF4-1.C4 cloudMin/nTimesTotal
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R1B:118.B34W:PT.S0.WF4-3 chisqBinned CorePlusR3/Data Fields/Convergence
  volume:=:427
  Units:=:NoUnits
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:R1B:118.B34W:PT.S0.WF4-3 chisqBinned CorePlusR3Convergence
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R1B:118.B34W:PT.S0.WF4-3 chisqBinned CorePlusR3/Data Fields/L2gpPrecision
  volume:=:3020
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:R1B:118.B34W:PT.S0.WF4-3 chisqBinned CorePlusR3Precision
  Units:=:vmr
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R1B:118.B34W:PT.S0.WF4-3 chisqBinned CorePlusR3/Data Fields/L2gpValue
  volume:=:3020
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:R1B:118.B34W:PT.S0.WF4-3 chisqBinned CorePlusR3
  Units:=:vmr
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R1B:118.B34W:PT.S0.WF4-3 chisqBinned CorePlusR3/Data Fields/Quality
  volume:=:427
  Units:=:NoUnits
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:R1B:118.B34W:PT.S0.WF4-3 chisqBinned CorePlusR3Quality
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R1B:118.B34W:PT.S0.WF4-3 chisqBinned CorePlusR3/Data Fields/Status
  volume:=:426
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:R1B:118.B34W:PT.S0.WF4-3 chisqBinned CorePlusR3Status
  Units:=:NoUnits
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R1B:118.B34W:PT.S0.WF4-3 chisqBinned CorePlusR3/Geolocation Fields/ChunkNumber
  volume:=:1852
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:ChunkNumber
  Units:=:NoUnits
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R1B:118.B34W:PT.S0.WF4-3 chisqBinned CorePlusR3/Geolocation Fields/Latitude
  volume:=:14322
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
  Title:=:Latitude
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R1B:118.B34W:PT.S0.WF4-3 chisqBinned CorePlusR3/Geolocation Fields/LineOfSightAngle
  volume:=:13010
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:LineOfSightAngle
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R1B:118.B34W:PT.S0.WF4-3 chisqBinned CorePlusR3/Geolocation Fields/LocalSolarTime
  volume:=:14074
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:LocalSolarTime
  Units:=:h
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R1B:118.B34W:PT.S0.WF4-3 chisqBinned CorePlusR3/Geolocation Fields/Longitude
  volume:=:14269
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:Longitude
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R1B:118.B34W:PT.S0.WF4-3 chisqBinned CorePlusR3/Geolocation Fields/OrbitGeodeticAngle
  volume:=:5868
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:OrbitGeodeticAngle
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R1B:118.B34W:PT.S0.WF4-3 chisqBinned CorePlusR3/Geolocation Fields/Pressure
  volume:=:148
  _FillValue:=:
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  Title:=:Pressure
  Units:=:hPa
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:Aura-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R1B:118.B34W:PT.S0.WF4-3 chisqBinned CorePlusR3/Geolocation Fields/SolarZenithAngle
  volume:=:14213
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:SolarZenithAngle
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R1B:118.B34W:PT.S0.WF4-3 chisqBinned CorePlusR3/Geolocation Fields/Time
  volume:=:19031
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:Time
  Units:=:s
  MissingValue:=:
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:Aura-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R1B:118.B34W:PT.S0.WF4-3 chisqBinned CorePlusR3/nLevels
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
  REFERENCE_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R1B:118.B34W:PT.S0.WF4-3 chisqBinned CorePlusR3/nTimes
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
  REFERENCE_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R1B:118.B34W:PT.S0.WF4-3 chisqBinned CorePlusR3/nTimesTotal
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R1B:118.B34W:PT.S0.WF4-3 chisqBinned CorePlusR5/Data Fields/Convergence
  volume:=:427
  Units:=:NoUnits
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:R1B:118.B34W:PT.S0.WF4-3 chisqBinned CorePlusR5Convergence
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R1B:118.B34W:PT.S0.WF4-3 chisqBinned CorePlusR5/Data Fields/L2gpPrecision
  volume:=:3020
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:R1B:118.B34W:PT.S0.WF4-3 chisqBinned CorePlusR5Precision
  Units:=:vmr
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R1B:118.B34W:PT.S0.WF4-3 chisqBinned CorePlusR5/Data Fields/L2gpValue
  volume:=:3020
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:R1B:118.B34W:PT.S0.WF4-3 chisqBinned CorePlusR5
  Units:=:vmr
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R1B:118.B34W:PT.S0.WF4-3 chisqBinned CorePlusR5/Data Fields/Quality
  volume:=:427
  Units:=:NoUnits
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:R1B:118.B34W:PT.S0.WF4-3 chisqBinned CorePlusR5Quality
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R1B:118.B34W:PT.S0.WF4-3 chisqBinned CorePlusR5/Data Fields/Status
  volume:=:426
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:R1B:118.B34W:PT.S0.WF4-3 chisqBinned CorePlusR5Status
  Units:=:NoUnits
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R1B:118.B34W:PT.S0.WF4-3 chisqBinned CorePlusR5/Geolocation Fields/ChunkNumber
  volume:=:1852
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:ChunkNumber
  Units:=:NoUnits
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R1B:118.B34W:PT.S0.WF4-3 chisqBinned CorePlusR5/Geolocation Fields/Latitude
  volume:=:14322
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
  Title:=:Latitude
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R1B:118.B34W:PT.S0.WF4-3 chisqBinned CorePlusR5/Geolocation Fields/LineOfSightAngle
  volume:=:13010
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:LineOfSightAngle
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R1B:118.B34W:PT.S0.WF4-3 chisqBinned CorePlusR5/Geolocation Fields/LocalSolarTime
  volume:=:14074
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:LocalSolarTime
  Units:=:h
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R1B:118.B34W:PT.S0.WF4-3 chisqBinned CorePlusR5/Geolocation Fields/Longitude
  volume:=:14269
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:Longitude
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R1B:118.B34W:PT.S0.WF4-3 chisqBinned CorePlusR5/Geolocation Fields/OrbitGeodeticAngle
  volume:=:5868
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:OrbitGeodeticAngle
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R1B:118.B34W:PT.S0.WF4-3 chisqBinned CorePlusR5/Geolocation Fields/Pressure
  volume:=:148
  _FillValue:=:
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  Title:=:Pressure
  Units:=:hPa
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:Aura-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R1B:118.B34W:PT.S0.WF4-3 chisqBinned CorePlusR5/Geolocation Fields/SolarZenithAngle
  volume:=:14213
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:SolarZenithAngle
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R1B:118.B34W:PT.S0.WF4-3 chisqBinned CorePlusR5/Geolocation Fields/Time
  volume:=:19031
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:Time
  Units:=:s
  MissingValue:=:
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:Aura-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R1B:118.B34W:PT.S0.WF4-3 chisqBinned CorePlusR5/nLevels
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
  REFERENCE_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R1B:118.B34W:PT.S0.WF4-3 chisqBinned CorePlusR5/nTimes
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
  REFERENCE_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R1B:118.B34W:PT.S0.WF4-3 chisqBinned CorePlusR5/nTimesTotal
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R1B:118.B34W:PT.S0.WF4-3 chisqBinned FinalPtan/Data Fields/Convergence
  volume:=:427
  Units:=:NoUnits
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:R1B:118.B34W:PT.S0.WF4-3 chisqBinned FinalPtanConvergence
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R1B:118.B34W:PT.S0.WF4-3 chisqBinned FinalPtan/Data Fields/L2gpPrecision
  volume:=:3020
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:R1B:118.B34W:PT.S0.WF4-3 chisqBinned FinalPtanPrecision
  Units:=:vmr
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R1B:118.B34W:PT.S0.WF4-3 chisqBinned FinalPtan/Data Fields/L2gpValue
  volume:=:3020
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:R1B:118.B34W:PT.S0.WF4-3 chisqBinned FinalPtan
  Units:=:vmr
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R1B:118.B34W:PT.S0.WF4-3 chisqBinned FinalPtan/Data Fields/Quality
  volume:=:427
  Units:=:NoUnits
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:R1B:118.B34W:PT.S0.WF4-3 chisqBinned FinalPtanQuality
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R1B:118.B34W:PT.S0.WF4-3 chisqBinned FinalPtan/Data Fields/Status
  volume:=:426
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:R1B:118.B34W:PT.S0.WF4-3 chisqBinned FinalPtanStatus
  Units:=:NoUnits
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R1B:118.B34W:PT.S0.WF4-3 chisqBinned FinalPtan/Geolocation Fields/ChunkNumber
  volume:=:1852
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:ChunkNumber
  Units:=:NoUnits
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R1B:118.B34W:PT.S0.WF4-3 chisqBinned FinalPtan/Geolocation Fields/Latitude
  volume:=:14322
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
  Title:=:Latitude
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R1B:118.B34W:PT.S0.WF4-3 chisqBinned FinalPtan/Geolocation Fields/LineOfSightAngle
  volume:=:13010
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:LineOfSightAngle
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R1B:118.B34W:PT.S0.WF4-3 chisqBinned FinalPtan/Geolocation Fields/LocalSolarTime
  volume:=:14074
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:LocalSolarTime
  Units:=:h
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R1B:118.B34W:PT.S0.WF4-3 chisqBinned FinalPtan/Geolocation Fields/Longitude
  volume:=:14269
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:Longitude
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R1B:118.B34W:PT.S0.WF4-3 chisqBinned FinalPtan/Geolocation Fields/OrbitGeodeticAngle
  volume:=:5868
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:OrbitGeodeticAngle
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R1B:118.B34W:PT.S0.WF4-3 chisqBinned FinalPtan/Geolocation Fields/Pressure
  volume:=:148
  _FillValue:=:
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  Title:=:Pressure
  Units:=:hPa
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:Aura-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R1B:118.B34W:PT.S0.WF4-3 chisqBinned FinalPtan/Geolocation Fields/SolarZenithAngle
  volume:=:14213
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:SolarZenithAngle
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R1B:118.B34W:PT.S0.WF4-3 chisqBinned FinalPtan/Geolocation Fields/Time
  volume:=:19031
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:Time
  Units:=:s
  MissingValue:=:
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:Aura-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R1B:118.B34W:PT.S0.WF4-3 chisqBinned FinalPtan/nLevels
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
  REFERENCE_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R1B:118.B34W:PT.S0.WF4-3 chisqBinned FinalPtan/nTimes
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
  REFERENCE_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R1B:118.B34W:PT.S0.WF4-3 chisqBinned FinalPtan/nTimesTotal
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R1B:118.B34W:PT.S0.WF4-3 chisqBinned UpdatePtan/Data Fields/Convergence
  volume:=:427
  Units:=:NoUnits
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:R1B:118.B34W:PT.S0.WF4-3 chisqBinned UpdatePtanConvergence
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R1B:118.B34W:PT.S0.WF4-3 chisqBinned UpdatePtan/Data Fields/L2gpPrecision
  volume:=:3020
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:R1B:118.B34W:PT.S0.WF4-3 chisqBinned UpdatePtanPrecision
  Units:=:vmr
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R1B:118.B34W:PT.S0.WF4-3 chisqBinned UpdatePtan/Data Fields/L2gpValue
  volume:=:3020
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:R1B:118.B34W:PT.S0.WF4-3 chisqBinned UpdatePtan
  Units:=:vmr
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R1B:118.B34W:PT.S0.WF4-3 chisqBinned UpdatePtan/Data Fields/Quality
  volume:=:427
  Units:=:NoUnits
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:R1B:118.B34W:PT.S0.WF4-3 chisqBinned UpdatePtanQuality
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R1B:118.B34W:PT.S0.WF4-3 chisqBinned UpdatePtan/Data Fields/Status
  volume:=:426
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:R1B:118.B34W:PT.S0.WF4-3 chisqBinned UpdatePtanStatus
  Units:=:NoUnits
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R1B:118.B34W:PT.S0.WF4-3 chisqBinned UpdatePtan/Geolocation Fields/ChunkNumber
  volume:=:1852
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:ChunkNumber
  Units:=:NoUnits
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R1B:118.B34W:PT.S0.WF4-3 chisqBinned UpdatePtan/Geolocation Fields/Latitude
  volume:=:14322
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
  Title:=:Latitude
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R1B:118.B34W:PT.S0.WF4-3 chisqBinned UpdatePtan/Geolocation Fields/LineOfSightAngle
  volume:=:13010
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:LineOfSightAngle
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R1B:118.B34W:PT.S0.WF4-3 chisqBinned UpdatePtan/Geolocation Fields/LocalSolarTime
  volume:=:14074
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:LocalSolarTime
  Units:=:h
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R1B:118.B34W:PT.S0.WF4-3 chisqBinned UpdatePtan/Geolocation Fields/Longitude
  volume:=:14269
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:Longitude
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R1B:118.B34W:PT.S0.WF4-3 chisqBinned UpdatePtan/Geolocation Fields/OrbitGeodeticAngle
  volume:=:5868
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:OrbitGeodeticAngle
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R1B:118.B34W:PT.S0.WF4-3 chisqBinned UpdatePtan/Geolocation Fields/Pressure
  volume:=:148
  _FillValue:=:
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  Title:=:Pressure
  Units:=:hPa
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:Aura-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R1B:118.B34W:PT.S0.WF4-3 chisqBinned UpdatePtan/Geolocation Fields/SolarZenithAngle
  volume:=:14213
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:SolarZenithAngle
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R1B:118.B34W:PT.S0.WF4-3 chisqBinned UpdatePtan/Geolocation Fields/Time
  volume:=:19031
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:Time
  Units:=:s
  MissingValue:=:
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:Aura-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R1B:118.B34W:PT.S0.WF4-3 chisqBinned UpdatePtan/nLevels
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
  REFERENCE_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R1B:118.B34W:PT.S0.WF4-3 chisqBinned UpdatePtan/nTimes
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
  REFERENCE_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R1B:118.B34W:PT.S0.WF4-3 chisqBinned UpdatePtan/nTimesTotal
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R1B:118.B34W:PT.S0.WF4-3 noRadsBinned CorePlusR3/Data Fields/Convergence
  volume:=:427
  Units:=:NoUnits
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:R1B:118.B34W:PT.S0.WF4-3 noRadsBinned CorePlusR3Convergence
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R1B:118.B34W:PT.S0.WF4-3 noRadsBinned CorePlusR3/Data Fields/L2gpPrecision
  volume:=:3020
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:R1B:118.B34W:PT.S0.WF4-3 noRadsBinned CorePlusR3Precision
  Units:=:vmr
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R1B:118.B34W:PT.S0.WF4-3 noRadsBinned CorePlusR3/Data Fields/L2gpValue
  volume:=:3020
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:R1B:118.B34W:PT.S0.WF4-3 noRadsBinned CorePlusR3
  Units:=:vmr
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R1B:118.B34W:PT.S0.WF4-3 noRadsBinned CorePlusR3/Data Fields/Quality
  volume:=:427
  Units:=:NoUnits
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:R1B:118.B34W:PT.S0.WF4-3 noRadsBinned CorePlusR3Quality
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R1B:118.B34W:PT.S0.WF4-3 noRadsBinned CorePlusR3/Data Fields/Status
  volume:=:426
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:R1B:118.B34W:PT.S0.WF4-3 noRadsBinned CorePlusR3Status
  Units:=:NoUnits
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R1B:118.B34W:PT.S0.WF4-3 noRadsBinned CorePlusR3/Geolocation Fields/ChunkNumber
  volume:=:1852
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:ChunkNumber
  Units:=:NoUnits
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R1B:118.B34W:PT.S0.WF4-3 noRadsBinned CorePlusR3/Geolocation Fields/Latitude
  volume:=:14322
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
  Title:=:Latitude
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R1B:118.B34W:PT.S0.WF4-3 noRadsBinned CorePlusR3/Geolocation Fields/LineOfSightAngle
  volume:=:13010
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:LineOfSightAngle
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R1B:118.B34W:PT.S0.WF4-3 noRadsBinned CorePlusR3/Geolocation Fields/LocalSolarTime
  volume:=:14074
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:LocalSolarTime
  Units:=:h
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R1B:118.B34W:PT.S0.WF4-3 noRadsBinned CorePlusR3/Geolocation Fields/Longitude
  volume:=:14269
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:Longitude
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R1B:118.B34W:PT.S0.WF4-3 noRadsBinned CorePlusR3/Geolocation Fields/OrbitGeodeticAngle
  volume:=:5868
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:OrbitGeodeticAngle
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R1B:118.B34W:PT.S0.WF4-3 noRadsBinned CorePlusR3/Geolocation Fields/Pressure
  volume:=:148
  _FillValue:=:
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  Title:=:Pressure
  Units:=:hPa
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:Aura-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R1B:118.B34W:PT.S0.WF4-3 noRadsBinned CorePlusR3/Geolocation Fields/SolarZenithAngle
  volume:=:14213
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:SolarZenithAngle
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R1B:118.B34W:PT.S0.WF4-3 noRadsBinned CorePlusR3/Geolocation Fields/Time
  volume:=:19031
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:Time
  Units:=:s
  MissingValue:=:
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:Aura-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R1B:118.B34W:PT.S0.WF4-3 noRadsBinned CorePlusR3/nLevels
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
  REFERENCE_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R1B:118.B34W:PT.S0.WF4-3 noRadsBinned CorePlusR3/nTimes
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
  REFERENCE_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R1B:118.B34W:PT.S0.WF4-3 noRadsBinned CorePlusR3/nTimesTotal
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R1B:118.B34W:PT.S0.WF4-3 noRadsBinned CorePlusR5/Data Fields/Convergence
  volume:=:427
  Units:=:NoUnits
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:R1B:118.B34W:PT.S0.WF4-3 noRadsBinned CorePlusR5Convergence
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R1B:118.B34W:PT.S0.WF4-3 noRadsBinned CorePlusR5/Data Fields/L2gpPrecision
  volume:=:3020
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:R1B:118.B34W:PT.S0.WF4-3 noRadsBinned CorePlusR5Precision
  Units:=:vmr
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R1B:118.B34W:PT.S0.WF4-3 noRadsBinned CorePlusR5/Data Fields/L2gpValue
  volume:=:3020
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:R1B:118.B34W:PT.S0.WF4-3 noRadsBinned CorePlusR5
  Units:=:vmr
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R1B:118.B34W:PT.S0.WF4-3 noRadsBinned CorePlusR5/Data Fields/Quality
  volume:=:427
  Units:=:NoUnits
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:R1B:118.B34W:PT.S0.WF4-3 noRadsBinned CorePlusR5Quality
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R1B:118.B34W:PT.S0.WF4-3 noRadsBinned CorePlusR5/Data Fields/Status
  volume:=:426
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:R1B:118.B34W:PT.S0.WF4-3 noRadsBinned CorePlusR5Status
  Units:=:NoUnits
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R1B:118.B34W:PT.S0.WF4-3 noRadsBinned CorePlusR5/Geolocation Fields/ChunkNumber
  volume:=:1852
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:ChunkNumber
  Units:=:NoUnits
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R1B:118.B34W:PT.S0.WF4-3 noRadsBinned CorePlusR5/Geolocation Fields/Latitude
  volume:=:14322
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
  Title:=:Latitude
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R1B:118.B34W:PT.S0.WF4-3 noRadsBinned CorePlusR5/Geolocation Fields/LineOfSightAngle
  volume:=:13010
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:LineOfSightAngle
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R1B:118.B34W:PT.S0.WF4-3 noRadsBinned CorePlusR5/Geolocation Fields/LocalSolarTime
  volume:=:14074
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:LocalSolarTime
  Units:=:h
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R1B:118.B34W:PT.S0.WF4-3 noRadsBinned CorePlusR5/Geolocation Fields/Longitude
  volume:=:14269
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:Longitude
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R1B:118.B34W:PT.S0.WF4-3 noRadsBinned CorePlusR5/Geolocation Fields/OrbitGeodeticAngle
  volume:=:5868
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:OrbitGeodeticAngle
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R1B:118.B34W:PT.S0.WF4-3 noRadsBinned CorePlusR5/Geolocation Fields/Pressure
  volume:=:148
  _FillValue:=:
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  Title:=:Pressure
  Units:=:hPa
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:Aura-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R1B:118.B34W:PT.S0.WF4-3 noRadsBinned CorePlusR5/Geolocation Fields/SolarZenithAngle
  volume:=:14213
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:SolarZenithAngle
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R1B:118.B34W:PT.S0.WF4-3 noRadsBinned CorePlusR5/Geolocation Fields/Time
  volume:=:19031
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:Time
  Units:=:s
  MissingValue:=:
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:Aura-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R1B:118.B34W:PT.S0.WF4-3 noRadsBinned CorePlusR5/nLevels
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
  REFERENCE_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R1B:118.B34W:PT.S0.WF4-3 noRadsBinned CorePlusR5/nTimes
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
  REFERENCE_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R1B:118.B34W:PT.S0.WF4-3 noRadsBinned CorePlusR5/nTimesTotal
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R1B:118.B34W:PT.S0.WF4-3 noRadsBinned FinalPtan/Data Fields/Convergence
  volume:=:427
  Units:=:NoUnits
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:R1B:118.B34W:PT.S0.WF4-3 noRadsBinned FinalPtanConvergence
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R1B:118.B34W:PT.S0.WF4-3 noRadsBinned FinalPtan/Data Fields/L2gpPrecision
  volume:=:3020
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:R1B:118.B34W:PT.S0.WF4-3 noRadsBinned FinalPtanPrecision
  Units:=:vmr
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R1B:118.B34W:PT.S0.WF4-3 noRadsBinned FinalPtan/Data Fields/L2gpValue
  volume:=:3020
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:R1B:118.B34W:PT.S0.WF4-3 noRadsBinned FinalPtan
  Units:=:vmr
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R1B:118.B34W:PT.S0.WF4-3 noRadsBinned FinalPtan/Data Fields/Quality
  volume:=:427
  Units:=:NoUnits
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:R1B:118.B34W:PT.S0.WF4-3 noRadsBinned FinalPtanQuality
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R1B:118.B34W:PT.S0.WF4-3 noRadsBinned FinalPtan/Data Fields/Status
  volume:=:426
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:R1B:118.B34W:PT.S0.WF4-3 noRadsBinned FinalPtanStatus
  Units:=:NoUnits
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R1B:118.B34W:PT.S0.WF4-3 noRadsBinned FinalPtan/Geolocation Fields/ChunkNumber
  volume:=:1852
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:ChunkNumber
  Units:=:NoUnits
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R1B:118.B34W:PT.S0.WF4-3 noRadsBinned FinalPtan/Geolocation Fields/Latitude
  volume:=:14322
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
  Title:=:Latitude
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R1B:118.B34W:PT.S0.WF4-3 noRadsBinned FinalPtan/Geolocation Fields/LineOfSightAngle
  volume:=:13010
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:LineOfSightAngle
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R1B:118.B34W:PT.S0.WF4-3 noRadsBinned FinalPtan/Geolocation Fields/LocalSolarTime
  volume:=:14074
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:LocalSolarTime
  Units:=:h
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R1B:118.B34W:PT.S0.WF4-3 noRadsBinned FinalPtan/Geolocation Fields/Longitude
  volume:=:14269
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:Longitude
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R1B:118.B34W:PT.S0.WF4-3 noRadsBinned FinalPtan/Geolocation Fields/OrbitGeodeticAngle
  volume:=:5868
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:OrbitGeodeticAngle
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R1B:118.B34W:PT.S0.WF4-3 noRadsBinned FinalPtan/Geolocation Fields/Pressure
  volume:=:148
  _FillValue:=:
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  Title:=:Pressure
  Units:=:hPa
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:Aura-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R1B:118.B34W:PT.S0.WF4-3 noRadsBinned FinalPtan/Geolocation Fields/SolarZenithAngle
  volume:=:14213
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:SolarZenithAngle
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R1B:118.B34W:PT.S0.WF4-3 noRadsBinned FinalPtan/Geolocation Fields/Time
  volume:=:19031
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:Time
  Units:=:s
  MissingValue:=:
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:Aura-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R1B:118.B34W:PT.S0.WF4-3 noRadsBinned FinalPtan/nLevels
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
  REFERENCE_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R1B:118.B34W:PT.S0.WF4-3 noRadsBinned FinalPtan/nTimes
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
  REFERENCE_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R1B:118.B34W:PT.S0.WF4-3 noRadsBinned FinalPtan/nTimesTotal
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R1B:118.B34W:PT.S0.WF4-3 noRadsBinned UpdatePtan/Data Fields/Convergence
  volume:=:427
  Units:=:NoUnits
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:R1B:118.B34W:PT.S0.WF4-3 noRadsBinned UpdatePtanConvergence
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R1B:118.B34W:PT.S0.WF4-3 noRadsBinned UpdatePtan/Data Fields/L2gpPrecision
  volume:=:3020
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:R1B:118.B34W:PT.S0.WF4-3 noRadsBinned UpdatePtanPrecision
  Units:=:vmr
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R1B:118.B34W:PT.S0.WF4-3 noRadsBinned UpdatePtan/Data Fields/L2gpValue
  volume:=:3020
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:R1B:118.B34W:PT.S0.WF4-3 noRadsBinned UpdatePtan
  Units:=:vmr
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R1B:118.B34W:PT.S0.WF4-3 noRadsBinned UpdatePtan/Data Fields/Quality
  volume:=:427
  Units:=:NoUnits
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:R1B:118.B34W:PT.S0.WF4-3 noRadsBinned UpdatePtanQuality
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R1B:118.B34W:PT.S0.WF4-3 noRadsBinned UpdatePtan/Data Fields/Status
  volume:=:426
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:R1B:118.B34W:PT.S0.WF4-3 noRadsBinned UpdatePtanStatus
  Units:=:NoUnits
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R1B:118.B34W:PT.S0.WF4-3 noRadsBinned UpdatePtan/Geolocation Fields/ChunkNumber
  volume:=:1852
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:ChunkNumber
  Units:=:NoUnits
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R1B:118.B34W:PT.S0.WF4-3 noRadsBinned UpdatePtan/Geolocation Fields/Latitude
  volume:=:14322
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
  Title:=:Latitude
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R1B:118.B34W:PT.S0.WF4-3 noRadsBinned UpdatePtan/Geolocation Fields/LineOfSightAngle
  volume:=:13010
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:LineOfSightAngle
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R1B:118.B34W:PT.S0.WF4-3 noRadsBinned UpdatePtan/Geolocation Fields/LocalSolarTime
  volume:=:14074
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:LocalSolarTime
  Units:=:h
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R1B:118.B34W:PT.S0.WF4-3 noRadsBinned UpdatePtan/Geolocation Fields/Longitude
  volume:=:14269
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:Longitude
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R1B:118.B34W:PT.S0.WF4-3 noRadsBinned UpdatePtan/Geolocation Fields/OrbitGeodeticAngle
  volume:=:5868
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:OrbitGeodeticAngle
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R1B:118.B34W:PT.S0.WF4-3 noRadsBinned UpdatePtan/Geolocation Fields/Pressure
  volume:=:148
  _FillValue:=:
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  Title:=:Pressure
  Units:=:hPa
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:Aura-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R1B:118.B34W:PT.S0.WF4-3 noRadsBinned UpdatePtan/Geolocation Fields/SolarZenithAngle
  volume:=:14213
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:SolarZenithAngle
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R1B:118.B34W:PT.S0.WF4-3 noRadsBinned UpdatePtan/Geolocation Fields/Time
  volume:=:19031
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:Time
  Units:=:s
  MissingValue:=:
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:Aura-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R1B:118.B34W:PT.S0.WF4-3 noRadsBinned UpdatePtan/nLevels
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
  REFERENCE_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R1B:118.B34W:PT.S0.WF4-3 noRadsBinned UpdatePtan/nTimes
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
  REFERENCE_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R1B:118.B34W:PT.S0.WF4-3 noRadsBinned UpdatePtan/nTimesTotal
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R1B:118.B34W:PT.S0.WF4-3.C4 cloudMax/Data Fields/Convergence
  volume:=:427
  Units:=:NoUnits
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:R1B:118.B34W:PT.S0.WF4-3.C4 cloudMaxConvergence
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R1B:118.B34W:PT.S0.WF4-3.C4 cloudMax/Data Fields/L2gpPrecision
  volume:=:3020
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:R1B:118.B34W:PT.S0.WF4-3.C4 cloudMaxPrecision
  Units:=:vmr
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R1B:118.B34W:PT.S0.WF4-3.C4 cloudMax/Data Fields/L2gpValue
  volume:=:3020
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:R1B:118.B34W:PT.S0.WF4-3.C4 cloudMax
  Units:=:vmr
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R1B:118.B34W:PT.S0.WF4-3.C4 cloudMax/Data Fields/Quality
  volume:=:427
  Units:=:NoUnits
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:R1B:118.B34W:PT.S0.WF4-3.C4 cloudMaxQuality
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R1B:118.B34W:PT.S0.WF4-3.C4 cloudMax/Data Fields/Status
  volume:=:426
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:R1B:118.B34W:PT.S0.WF4-3.C4 cloudMaxStatus
  Units:=:NoUnits
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R1B:118.B34W:PT.S0.WF4-3.C4 cloudMax/Geolocation Fields/ChunkNumber
  volume:=:1852
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:ChunkNumber
  Units:=:NoUnits
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R1B:118.B34W:PT.S0.WF4-3.C4 cloudMax/Geolocation Fields/Latitude
  volume:=:14322
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
  Title:=:Latitude
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R1B:118.B34W:PT.S0.WF4-3.C4 cloudMax/Geolocation Fields/LineOfSightAngle
  volume:=:13010
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:LineOfSightAngle
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R1B:118.B34W:PT.S0.WF4-3.C4 cloudMax/Geolocation Fields/LocalSolarTime
  volume:=:14074
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:LocalSolarTime
  Units:=:h
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R1B:118.B34W:PT.S0.WF4-3.C4 cloudMax/Geolocation Fields/Longitude
  volume:=:14269
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:Longitude
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R1B:118.B34W:PT.S0.WF4-3.C4 cloudMax/Geolocation Fields/OrbitGeodeticAngle
  volume:=:5868
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:OrbitGeodeticAngle
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R1B:118.B34W:PT.S0.WF4-3.C4 cloudMax/Geolocation Fields/Pressure
  volume:=:148
  _FillValue:=:
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  Title:=:Pressure
  Units:=:hPa
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:Aura-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R1B:118.B34W:PT.S0.WF4-3.C4 cloudMax/Geolocation Fields/SolarZenithAngle
  volume:=:14213
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:SolarZenithAngle
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R1B:118.B34W:PT.S0.WF4-3.C4 cloudMax/Geolocation Fields/Time
  volume:=:19031
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:Time
  Units:=:s
  MissingValue:=:
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:Aura-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R1B:118.B34W:PT.S0.WF4-3.C4 cloudMax/nLevels
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
  REFERENCE_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R1B:118.B34W:PT.S0.WF4-3.C4 cloudMax/nTimes
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
  REFERENCE_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R1B:118.B34W:PT.S0.WF4-3.C4 cloudMax/nTimesTotal
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R1B:118.B34W:PT.S0.WF4-3.C4 cloudMin/Data Fields/Convergence
  volume:=:427
  Units:=:NoUnits
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:R1B:118.B34W:PT.S0.WF4-3.C4 cloudMinConvergence
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R1B:118.B34W:PT.S0.WF4-3.C4 cloudMin/Data Fields/L2gpPrecision
  volume:=:3020
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:R1B:118.B34W:PT.S0.WF4-3.C4 cloudMinPrecision
  Units:=:vmr
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R1B:118.B34W:PT.S0.WF4-3.C4 cloudMin/Data Fields/L2gpValue
  volume:=:3020
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:R1B:118.B34W:PT.S0.WF4-3.C4 cloudMin
  Units:=:vmr
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R1B:118.B34W:PT.S0.WF4-3.C4 cloudMin/Data Fields/Quality
  volume:=:427
  Units:=:NoUnits
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:R1B:118.B34W:PT.S0.WF4-3.C4 cloudMinQuality
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R1B:118.B34W:PT.S0.WF4-3.C4 cloudMin/Data Fields/Status
  volume:=:426
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:R1B:118.B34W:PT.S0.WF4-3.C4 cloudMinStatus
  Units:=:NoUnits
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R1B:118.B34W:PT.S0.WF4-3.C4 cloudMin/Geolocation Fields/ChunkNumber
  volume:=:1852
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:ChunkNumber
  Units:=:NoUnits
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R1B:118.B34W:PT.S0.WF4-3.C4 cloudMin/Geolocation Fields/Latitude
  volume:=:14322
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
  Title:=:Latitude
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R1B:118.B34W:PT.S0.WF4-3.C4 cloudMin/Geolocation Fields/LineOfSightAngle
  volume:=:13010
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:LineOfSightAngle
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R1B:118.B34W:PT.S0.WF4-3.C4 cloudMin/Geolocation Fields/LocalSolarTime
  volume:=:14074
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:LocalSolarTime
  Units:=:h
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R1B:118.B34W:PT.S0.WF4-3.C4 cloudMin/Geolocation Fields/Longitude
  volume:=:14269
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:Longitude
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R1B:118.B34W:PT.S0.WF4-3.C4 cloudMin/Geolocation Fields/OrbitGeodeticAngle
  volume:=:5868
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:OrbitGeodeticAngle
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R1B:118.B34W:PT.S0.WF4-3.C4 cloudMin/Geolocation Fields/Pressure
  volume:=:148
  _FillValue:=:
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  Title:=:Pressure
  Units:=:hPa
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:Aura-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R1B:118.B34W:PT.S0.WF4-3.C4 cloudMin/Geolocation Fields/SolarZenithAngle
  volume:=:14213
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:SolarZenithAngle
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R1B:118.B34W:PT.S0.WF4-3.C4 cloudMin/Geolocation Fields/Time
  volume:=:19031
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:Time
  Units:=:s
  MissingValue:=:
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:Aura-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R1B:118.B34W:PT.S0.WF4-3.C4 cloudMin/nLevels
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
  REFERENCE_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R1B:118.B34W:PT.S0.WF4-3.C4 cloudMin/nTimes
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
  REFERENCE_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R1B:118.B34W:PT.S0.WF4-3.C4 cloudMin/nTimesTotal
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R2:190.B23D:H2O.S0.DACS-2 chisqBinned CorePlusR2/Data Fields/Convergence
  volume:=:427
  Units:=:NoUnits
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:R2:190.B23D:H2O.S0.DACS-2 chisqBinned CorePlusR2Convergence
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R2:190.B23D:H2O.S0.DACS-2 chisqBinned CorePlusR2/Data Fields/L2gpPrecision
  volume:=:159592
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:R2:190.B23D:H2O.S0.DACS-2 chisqBinned CorePlusR2Precision
  Units:=:vmr
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R2:190.B23D:H2O.S0.DACS-2 chisqBinned CorePlusR2/Data Fields/L2gpValue
  volume:=:159405
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:R2:190.B23D:H2O.S0.DACS-2 chisqBinned CorePlusR2
  Units:=:vmr
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R2:190.B23D:H2O.S0.DACS-2 chisqBinned CorePlusR2/Data Fields/Quality
  volume:=:427
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:R2:190.B23D:H2O.S0.DACS-2 chisqBinned CorePlusR2Quality
  Units:=:NoUnits
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R2:190.B23D:H2O.S0.DACS-2 chisqBinned CorePlusR2/Data Fields/Status
  volume:=:426
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:R2:190.B23D:H2O.S0.DACS-2 chisqBinned CorePlusR2Status
  Units:=:NoUnits
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R2:190.B23D:H2O.S0.DACS-2 chisqBinned CorePlusR2/Geolocation Fields/ChunkNumber
  volume:=:1852
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:ChunkNumber
  Units:=:NoUnits
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R2:190.B23D:H2O.S0.DACS-2 chisqBinned CorePlusR2/Geolocation Fields/Latitude
  volume:=:14322
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
  Title:=:Latitude
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R2:190.B23D:H2O.S0.DACS-2 chisqBinned CorePlusR2/Geolocation Fields/LineOfSightAngle
  volume:=:13010
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:LineOfSightAngle
  Units:=:deg
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R2:190.B23D:H2O.S0.DACS-2 chisqBinned CorePlusR2/Geolocation Fields/LocalSolarTime
  volume:=:14074
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:LocalSolarTime
  Units:=:h
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R2:190.B23D:H2O.S0.DACS-2 chisqBinned CorePlusR2/Geolocation Fields/Longitude
  volume:=:14269
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:Longitude
  Units:=:deg
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R2:190.B23D:H2O.S0.DACS-2 chisqBinned CorePlusR2/Geolocation Fields/OrbitGeodeticAngle
  volume:=:5868
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:OrbitGeodeticAngle
  Units:=:deg
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R2:190.B23D:H2O.S0.DACS-2 chisqBinned CorePlusR2/Geolocation Fields/Pressure
  volume:=:148
  _FillValue:=:
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:Aura-Shared
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  Title:=:Pressure
  Units:=:hPa
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R2:190.B23D:H2O.S0.DACS-2 chisqBinned CorePlusR2/Geolocation Fields/SolarZenithAngle
  volume:=:14213
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:SolarZenithAngle
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R2:190.B23D:H2O.S0.DACS-2 chisqBinned CorePlusR2/Geolocation Fields/Time
  volume:=:19031
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:Time
  Units:=:s
  MissingValue:=:
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:Aura-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R2:190.B23D:H2O.S0.DACS-2 chisqBinned CorePlusR2/nLevels
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
  REFERENCE_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R2:190.B23D:H2O.S0.DACS-2 chisqBinned CorePlusR2/nTimes
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
  REFERENCE_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R2:190.B23D:H2O.S0.DACS-2 chisqBinned CorePlusR2/nTimesTotal
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R2:190.B23D:H2O.S0.DACS-2 chisqBinned InitR2/Data Fields/Convergence
  volume:=:427
  Units:=:NoUnits
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:R2:190.B23D:H2O.S0.DACS-2 chisqBinned InitR2Convergence
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R2:190.B23D:H2O.S0.DACS-2 chisqBinned InitR2/Data Fields/L2gpPrecision
  volume:=:157226
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:R2:190.B23D:H2O.S0.DACS-2 chisqBinned InitR2Precision
  Units:=:vmr
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R2:190.B23D:H2O.S0.DACS-2 chisqBinned InitR2/Data Fields/L2gpValue
  volume:=:157434
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:R2:190.B23D:H2O.S0.DACS-2 chisqBinned InitR2
  Units:=:vmr
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R2:190.B23D:H2O.S0.DACS-2 chisqBinned InitR2/Data Fields/Quality
  volume:=:427
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:R2:190.B23D:H2O.S0.DACS-2 chisqBinned InitR2Quality
  Units:=:NoUnits
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R2:190.B23D:H2O.S0.DACS-2 chisqBinned InitR2/Data Fields/Status
  volume:=:426
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:R2:190.B23D:H2O.S0.DACS-2 chisqBinned InitR2Status
  Units:=:NoUnits
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R2:190.B23D:H2O.S0.DACS-2 chisqBinned InitR2/Geolocation Fields/ChunkNumber
  volume:=:1852
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:ChunkNumber
  Units:=:NoUnits
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R2:190.B23D:H2O.S0.DACS-2 chisqBinned InitR2/Geolocation Fields/Latitude
  volume:=:14322
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
  Title:=:Latitude
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R2:190.B23D:H2O.S0.DACS-2 chisqBinned InitR2/Geolocation Fields/LineOfSightAngle
  volume:=:13010
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:LineOfSightAngle
  Units:=:deg
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R2:190.B23D:H2O.S0.DACS-2 chisqBinned InitR2/Geolocation Fields/LocalSolarTime
  volume:=:14074
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:LocalSolarTime
  Units:=:h
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R2:190.B23D:H2O.S0.DACS-2 chisqBinned InitR2/Geolocation Fields/Longitude
  volume:=:14269
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:Longitude
  Units:=:deg
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R2:190.B23D:H2O.S0.DACS-2 chisqBinned InitR2/Geolocation Fields/OrbitGeodeticAngle
  volume:=:5868
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:OrbitGeodeticAngle
  Units:=:deg
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R2:190.B23D:H2O.S0.DACS-2 chisqBinned InitR2/Geolocation Fields/Pressure
  volume:=:148
  _FillValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:Aura-Shared
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  Title:=:Pressure
  Units:=:hPa
  MissingValue:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R2:190.B23D:H2O.S0.DACS-2 chisqBinned InitR2/Geolocation Fields/SolarZenithAngle
  volume:=:14213
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:SolarZenithAngle
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R2:190.B23D:H2O.S0.DACS-2 chisqBinned InitR2/Geolocation Fields/Time
  volume:=:19031
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:Time
  Units:=:s
  MissingValue:=:
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:Aura-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R2:190.B23D:H2O.S0.DACS-2 chisqBinned InitR2/nLevels
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
  REFERENCE_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R2:190.B23D:H2O.S0.DACS-2 chisqBinned InitR2/nTimes
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
  REFERENCE_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R2:190.B23D:H2O.S0.DACS-2 chisqBinned InitR2/nTimesTotal
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R2:190.B23D:H2O.S0.DACS-2 noRadsBinned CorePlusR2/Data Fields/Convergence
  volume:=:427
  Units:=:NoUnits
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:R2:190.B23D:H2O.S0.DACS-2 noRadsBinned CorePlusR2Convergence
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R2:190.B23D:H2O.S0.DACS-2 noRadsBinned CorePlusR2/Data Fields/L2gpPrecision
  volume:=:3020
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:R2:190.B23D:H2O.S0.DACS-2 noRadsBinned CorePlusR2Precision
  Units:=:vmr
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R2:190.B23D:H2O.S0.DACS-2 noRadsBinned CorePlusR2/Data Fields/L2gpValue
  volume:=:54543
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:R2:190.B23D:H2O.S0.DACS-2 noRadsBinned CorePlusR2
  Units:=:vmr
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R2:190.B23D:H2O.S0.DACS-2 noRadsBinned CorePlusR2/Data Fields/Quality
  volume:=:427
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:R2:190.B23D:H2O.S0.DACS-2 noRadsBinned CorePlusR2Quality
  Units:=:NoUnits
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R2:190.B23D:H2O.S0.DACS-2 noRadsBinned CorePlusR2/Data Fields/Status
  volume:=:426
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:R2:190.B23D:H2O.S0.DACS-2 noRadsBinned CorePlusR2Status
  Units:=:NoUnits
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R2:190.B23D:H2O.S0.DACS-2 noRadsBinned CorePlusR2/Geolocation Fields/ChunkNumber
  volume:=:1852
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:ChunkNumber
  Units:=:NoUnits
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R2:190.B23D:H2O.S0.DACS-2 noRadsBinned CorePlusR2/Geolocation Fields/Latitude
  volume:=:14322
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
  Title:=:Latitude
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R2:190.B23D:H2O.S0.DACS-2 noRadsBinned CorePlusR2/Geolocation Fields/LineOfSightAngle
  volume:=:13010
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:LineOfSightAngle
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R2:190.B23D:H2O.S0.DACS-2 noRadsBinned CorePlusR2/Geolocation Fields/LocalSolarTime
  volume:=:14074
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:LocalSolarTime
  Units:=:h
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R2:190.B23D:H2O.S0.DACS-2 noRadsBinned CorePlusR2/Geolocation Fields/Longitude
  volume:=:14269
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:Longitude
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R2:190.B23D:H2O.S0.DACS-2 noRadsBinned CorePlusR2/Geolocation Fields/OrbitGeodeticAngle
  volume:=:5868
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:OrbitGeodeticAngle
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R2:190.B23D:H2O.S0.DACS-2 noRadsBinned CorePlusR2/Geolocation Fields/Pressure
  volume:=:148
  _FillValue:=:
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  Title:=:Pressure
  Units:=:hPa
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:Aura-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R2:190.B23D:H2O.S0.DACS-2 noRadsBinned CorePlusR2/Geolocation Fields/SolarZenithAngle
  volume:=:14213
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:SolarZenithAngle
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R2:190.B23D:H2O.S0.DACS-2 noRadsBinned CorePlusR2/Geolocation Fields/Time
  volume:=:19031
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:Time
  Units:=:s
  MissingValue:=:
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:Aura-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R2:190.B23D:H2O.S0.DACS-2 noRadsBinned CorePlusR2/nLevels
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
  REFERENCE_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R2:190.B23D:H2O.S0.DACS-2 noRadsBinned CorePlusR2/nTimes
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
  REFERENCE_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R2:190.B23D:H2O.S0.DACS-2 noRadsBinned CorePlusR2/nTimesTotal
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R2:190.B23D:H2O.S0.DACS-2 noRadsBinned InitR2/Data Fields/Convergence
  volume:=:427
  Units:=:NoUnits
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:R2:190.B23D:H2O.S0.DACS-2 noRadsBinned InitR2Convergence
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R2:190.B23D:H2O.S0.DACS-2 noRadsBinned InitR2/Data Fields/L2gpPrecision
  volume:=:3020
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:R2:190.B23D:H2O.S0.DACS-2 noRadsBinned InitR2Precision
  Units:=:vmr
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R2:190.B23D:H2O.S0.DACS-2 noRadsBinned InitR2/Data Fields/L2gpValue
  volume:=:46275
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:R2:190.B23D:H2O.S0.DACS-2 noRadsBinned InitR2
  Units:=:vmr
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R2:190.B23D:H2O.S0.DACS-2 noRadsBinned InitR2/Data Fields/Quality
  volume:=:427
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:R2:190.B23D:H2O.S0.DACS-2 noRadsBinned InitR2Quality
  Units:=:NoUnits
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R2:190.B23D:H2O.S0.DACS-2 noRadsBinned InitR2/Data Fields/Status
  volume:=:426
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:R2:190.B23D:H2O.S0.DACS-2 noRadsBinned InitR2Status
  Units:=:NoUnits
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R2:190.B23D:H2O.S0.DACS-2 noRadsBinned InitR2/Geolocation Fields/ChunkNumber
  volume:=:1852
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:ChunkNumber
  Units:=:NoUnits
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R2:190.B23D:H2O.S0.DACS-2 noRadsBinned InitR2/Geolocation Fields/Latitude
  volume:=:14322
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
  Title:=:Latitude
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R2:190.B23D:H2O.S0.DACS-2 noRadsBinned InitR2/Geolocation Fields/LineOfSightAngle
  volume:=:13010
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:LineOfSightAngle
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R2:190.B23D:H2O.S0.DACS-2 noRadsBinned InitR2/Geolocation Fields/LocalSolarTime
  volume:=:14074
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:LocalSolarTime
  Units:=:h
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R2:190.B23D:H2O.S0.DACS-2 noRadsBinned InitR2/Geolocation Fields/Longitude
  volume:=:14269
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:Longitude
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R2:190.B23D:H2O.S0.DACS-2 noRadsBinned InitR2/Geolocation Fields/OrbitGeodeticAngle
  volume:=:5868
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:OrbitGeodeticAngle
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R2:190.B23D:H2O.S0.DACS-2 noRadsBinned InitR2/Geolocation Fields/Pressure
  volume:=:148
  _FillValue:=:
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  Title:=:Pressure
  Units:=:hPa
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:Aura-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R2:190.B23D:H2O.S0.DACS-2 noRadsBinned InitR2/Geolocation Fields/SolarZenithAngle
  volume:=:14213
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:SolarZenithAngle
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R2:190.B23D:H2O.S0.DACS-2 noRadsBinned InitR2/Geolocation Fields/Time
  volume:=:19031
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:Time
  Units:=:s
  MissingValue:=:
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:Aura-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R2:190.B23D:H2O.S0.DACS-2 noRadsBinned InitR2/nLevels
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
  REFERENCE_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R2:190.B23D:H2O.S0.DACS-2 noRadsBinned InitR2/nTimes
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
  REFERENCE_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R2:190.B23D:H2O.S0.DACS-2 noRadsBinned InitR2/nTimesTotal
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R2:190.B27M:HCN.S0.MB11-1 chisqBinned CorePlusR2/Data Fields/Convergence
  volume:=:427
  Units:=:NoUnits
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:R2:190.B27M:HCN.S0.MB11-1 chisqBinned CorePlusR2Convergence
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R2:190.B27M:HCN.S0.MB11-1 chisqBinned CorePlusR2/Data Fields/L2gpPrecision
  volume:=:366273
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:R2:190.B27M:HCN.S0.MB11-1 chisqBinned CorePlusR2Precision
  Units:=:vmr
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R2:190.B27M:HCN.S0.MB11-1 chisqBinned CorePlusR2/Data Fields/L2gpValue
  volume:=:364314
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:R2:190.B27M:HCN.S0.MB11-1 chisqBinned CorePlusR2
  Units:=:vmr
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R2:190.B27M:HCN.S0.MB11-1 chisqBinned CorePlusR2/Data Fields/Quality
  volume:=:427
  Units:=:NoUnits
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:R2:190.B27M:HCN.S0.MB11-1 chisqBinned CorePlusR2Quality
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R2:190.B27M:HCN.S0.MB11-1 chisqBinned CorePlusR2/Data Fields/Status
  volume:=:426
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:R2:190.B27M:HCN.S0.MB11-1 chisqBinned CorePlusR2Status
  Units:=:NoUnits
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R2:190.B27M:HCN.S0.MB11-1 chisqBinned CorePlusR2/Geolocation Fields/ChunkNumber
  volume:=:1852
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:ChunkNumber
  Units:=:NoUnits
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R2:190.B27M:HCN.S0.MB11-1 chisqBinned CorePlusR2/Geolocation Fields/Latitude
  volume:=:14322
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
  Title:=:Latitude
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R2:190.B27M:HCN.S0.MB11-1 chisqBinned CorePlusR2/Geolocation Fields/LineOfSightAngle
  volume:=:13010
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:LineOfSightAngle
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R2:190.B27M:HCN.S0.MB11-1 chisqBinned CorePlusR2/Geolocation Fields/LocalSolarTime
  volume:=:14074
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:LocalSolarTime
  Units:=:h
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R2:190.B27M:HCN.S0.MB11-1 chisqBinned CorePlusR2/Geolocation Fields/Longitude
  volume:=:14269
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:Longitude
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R2:190.B27M:HCN.S0.MB11-1 chisqBinned CorePlusR2/Geolocation Fields/OrbitGeodeticAngle
  volume:=:5868
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:OrbitGeodeticAngle
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R2:190.B27M:HCN.S0.MB11-1 chisqBinned CorePlusR2/Geolocation Fields/Pressure
  volume:=:148
  _FillValue:=:
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  Title:=:Pressure
  Units:=:hPa
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:Aura-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R2:190.B27M:HCN.S0.MB11-1 chisqBinned CorePlusR2/Geolocation Fields/SolarZenithAngle
  volume:=:14213
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:SolarZenithAngle
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R2:190.B27M:HCN.S0.MB11-1 chisqBinned CorePlusR2/Geolocation Fields/Time
  volume:=:19031
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:Time
  Units:=:s
  MissingValue:=:
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:Aura-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R2:190.B27M:HCN.S0.MB11-1 chisqBinned CorePlusR2/nLevels
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
  REFERENCE_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R2:190.B27M:HCN.S0.MB11-1 chisqBinned CorePlusR2/nTimes
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
  REFERENCE_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R2:190.B27M:HCN.S0.MB11-1 chisqBinned CorePlusR2/nTimesTotal
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R2:190.B27M:HCN.S0.MB11-1 chisqBinned InitR2/Data Fields/Convergence
  volume:=:427
  Units:=:NoUnits
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:R2:190.B27M:HCN.S0.MB11-1 chisqBinned InitR2Convergence
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R2:190.B27M:HCN.S0.MB11-1 chisqBinned InitR2/Data Fields/L2gpPrecision
  volume:=:310516
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:R2:190.B27M:HCN.S0.MB11-1 chisqBinned InitR2Precision
  Units:=:vmr
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R2:190.B27M:HCN.S0.MB11-1 chisqBinned InitR2/Data Fields/L2gpValue
  volume:=:304403
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:R2:190.B27M:HCN.S0.MB11-1 chisqBinned InitR2
  Units:=:vmr
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R2:190.B27M:HCN.S0.MB11-1 chisqBinned InitR2/Data Fields/Quality
  volume:=:427
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:R2:190.B27M:HCN.S0.MB11-1 chisqBinned InitR2Quality
  Units:=:NoUnits
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R2:190.B27M:HCN.S0.MB11-1 chisqBinned InitR2/Data Fields/Status
  volume:=:426
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:R2:190.B27M:HCN.S0.MB11-1 chisqBinned InitR2Status
  Units:=:NoUnits
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R2:190.B27M:HCN.S0.MB11-1 chisqBinned InitR2/Geolocation Fields/ChunkNumber
  volume:=:1852
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:ChunkNumber
  Units:=:NoUnits
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R2:190.B27M:HCN.S0.MB11-1 chisqBinned InitR2/Geolocation Fields/Latitude
  volume:=:14322
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
  Title:=:Latitude
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R2:190.B27M:HCN.S0.MB11-1 chisqBinned InitR2/Geolocation Fields/LineOfSightAngle
  volume:=:13010
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:LineOfSightAngle
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R2:190.B27M:HCN.S0.MB11-1 chisqBinned InitR2/Geolocation Fields/LocalSolarTime
  volume:=:14074
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:LocalSolarTime
  Units:=:h
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R2:190.B27M:HCN.S0.MB11-1 chisqBinned InitR2/Geolocation Fields/Longitude
  volume:=:14269
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:Longitude
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R2:190.B27M:HCN.S0.MB11-1 chisqBinned InitR2/Geolocation Fields/OrbitGeodeticAngle
  volume:=:5868
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:OrbitGeodeticAngle
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R2:190.B27M:HCN.S0.MB11-1 chisqBinned InitR2/Geolocation Fields/Pressure
  volume:=:148
  _FillValue:=:
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  Title:=:Pressure
  Units:=:hPa
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:Aura-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R2:190.B27M:HCN.S0.MB11-1 chisqBinned InitR2/Geolocation Fields/SolarZenithAngle
  volume:=:14213
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:SolarZenithAngle
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R2:190.B27M:HCN.S0.MB11-1 chisqBinned InitR2/Geolocation Fields/Time
  volume:=:19031
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:Time
  Units:=:s
  MissingValue:=:
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:Aura-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R2:190.B27M:HCN.S0.MB11-1 chisqBinned InitR2/nLevels
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
  REFERENCE_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R2:190.B27M:HCN.S0.MB11-1 chisqBinned InitR2/nTimes
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
  REFERENCE_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R2:190.B27M:HCN.S0.MB11-1 chisqBinned InitR2/nTimesTotal
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R2:190.B27M:HCN.S0.MB11-1 noRadsBinned CorePlusR2/Data Fields/Convergence
  volume:=:427
  Units:=:NoUnits
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:R2:190.B27M:HCN.S0.MB11-1 noRadsBinned CorePlusR2Convergence
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R2:190.B27M:HCN.S0.MB11-1 noRadsBinned CorePlusR2/Data Fields/L2gpPrecision
  volume:=:3020
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:R2:190.B27M:HCN.S0.MB11-1 noRadsBinned CorePlusR2Precision
  Units:=:vmr
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R2:190.B27M:HCN.S0.MB11-1 noRadsBinned CorePlusR2/Data Fields/L2gpValue
  volume:=:45855
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:R2:190.B27M:HCN.S0.MB11-1 noRadsBinned CorePlusR2
  Units:=:vmr
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R2:190.B27M:HCN.S0.MB11-1 noRadsBinned CorePlusR2/Data Fields/Quality
  volume:=:427
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:R2:190.B27M:HCN.S0.MB11-1 noRadsBinned CorePlusR2Quality
  Units:=:NoUnits
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R2:190.B27M:HCN.S0.MB11-1 noRadsBinned CorePlusR2/Data Fields/Status
  volume:=:426
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:R2:190.B27M:HCN.S0.MB11-1 noRadsBinned CorePlusR2Status
  Units:=:NoUnits
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R2:190.B27M:HCN.S0.MB11-1 noRadsBinned CorePlusR2/Geolocation Fields/ChunkNumber
  volume:=:1852
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:ChunkNumber
  Units:=:NoUnits
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R2:190.B27M:HCN.S0.MB11-1 noRadsBinned CorePlusR2/Geolocation Fields/Latitude
  volume:=:14322
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
  Title:=:Latitude
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R2:190.B27M:HCN.S0.MB11-1 noRadsBinned CorePlusR2/Geolocation Fields/LineOfSightAngle
  volume:=:13010
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:LineOfSightAngle
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R2:190.B27M:HCN.S0.MB11-1 noRadsBinned CorePlusR2/Geolocation Fields/LocalSolarTime
  volume:=:14074
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:LocalSolarTime
  Units:=:h
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R2:190.B27M:HCN.S0.MB11-1 noRadsBinned CorePlusR2/Geolocation Fields/Longitude
  volume:=:14269
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:Longitude
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R2:190.B27M:HCN.S0.MB11-1 noRadsBinned CorePlusR2/Geolocation Fields/OrbitGeodeticAngle
  volume:=:5868
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:OrbitGeodeticAngle
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R2:190.B27M:HCN.S0.MB11-1 noRadsBinned CorePlusR2/Geolocation Fields/Pressure
  volume:=:148
  _FillValue:=:
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  Title:=:Pressure
  Units:=:hPa
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:Aura-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R2:190.B27M:HCN.S0.MB11-1 noRadsBinned CorePlusR2/Geolocation Fields/SolarZenithAngle
  volume:=:14213
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:SolarZenithAngle
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R2:190.B27M:HCN.S0.MB11-1 noRadsBinned CorePlusR2/Geolocation Fields/Time
  volume:=:19031
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:Time
  Units:=:s
  MissingValue:=:
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:Aura-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R2:190.B27M:HCN.S0.MB11-1 noRadsBinned CorePlusR2/nLevels
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
  REFERENCE_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R2:190.B27M:HCN.S0.MB11-1 noRadsBinned CorePlusR2/nTimes
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
  REFERENCE_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R2:190.B27M:HCN.S0.MB11-1 noRadsBinned CorePlusR2/nTimesTotal
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R2:190.B27M:HCN.S0.MB11-1 noRadsBinned InitR2/Data Fields/Convergence
  volume:=:427
  Units:=:NoUnits
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:R2:190.B27M:HCN.S0.MB11-1 noRadsBinned InitR2Convergence
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R2:190.B27M:HCN.S0.MB11-1 noRadsBinned InitR2/Data Fields/L2gpPrecision
  volume:=:3020
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:R2:190.B27M:HCN.S0.MB11-1 noRadsBinned InitR2Precision
  Units:=:vmr
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R2:190.B27M:HCN.S0.MB11-1 noRadsBinned InitR2/Data Fields/L2gpValue
  volume:=:36931
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:R2:190.B27M:HCN.S0.MB11-1 noRadsBinned InitR2
  Units:=:vmr
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R2:190.B27M:HCN.S0.MB11-1 noRadsBinned InitR2/Data Fields/Quality
  volume:=:427
  Units:=:NoUnits
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:R2:190.B27M:HCN.S0.MB11-1 noRadsBinned InitR2Quality
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R2:190.B27M:HCN.S0.MB11-1 noRadsBinned InitR2/Data Fields/Status
  volume:=:426
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:R2:190.B27M:HCN.S0.MB11-1 noRadsBinned InitR2Status
  Units:=:NoUnits
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R2:190.B27M:HCN.S0.MB11-1 noRadsBinned InitR2/Geolocation Fields/ChunkNumber
  volume:=:1852
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:ChunkNumber
  Units:=:NoUnits
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R2:190.B27M:HCN.S0.MB11-1 noRadsBinned InitR2/Geolocation Fields/Latitude
  volume:=:14322
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
  Title:=:Latitude
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R2:190.B27M:HCN.S0.MB11-1 noRadsBinned InitR2/Geolocation Fields/LineOfSightAngle
  volume:=:13010
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:LineOfSightAngle
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R2:190.B27M:HCN.S0.MB11-1 noRadsBinned InitR2/Geolocation Fields/LocalSolarTime
  volume:=:14074
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:LocalSolarTime
  Units:=:h
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R2:190.B27M:HCN.S0.MB11-1 noRadsBinned InitR2/Geolocation Fields/Longitude
  volume:=:14269
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:Longitude
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R2:190.B27M:HCN.S0.MB11-1 noRadsBinned InitR2/Geolocation Fields/OrbitGeodeticAngle
  volume:=:5868
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:OrbitGeodeticAngle
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R2:190.B27M:HCN.S0.MB11-1 noRadsBinned InitR2/Geolocation Fields/Pressure
  volume:=:148
  _FillValue:=:
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  Title:=:Pressure
  Units:=:hPa
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:Aura-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R2:190.B27M:HCN.S0.MB11-1 noRadsBinned InitR2/Geolocation Fields/SolarZenithAngle
  volume:=:14213
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:SolarZenithAngle
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R2:190.B27M:HCN.S0.MB11-1 noRadsBinned InitR2/Geolocation Fields/Time
  volume:=:19031
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:Time
  Units:=:s
  MissingValue:=:
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:Aura-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R2:190.B27M:HCN.S0.MB11-1 noRadsBinned InitR2/nLevels
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
  REFERENCE_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R2:190.B27M:HCN.S0.MB11-1 noRadsBinned InitR2/nTimes
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
  REFERENCE_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R2:190.B27M:HCN.S0.MB11-1 noRadsBinned InitR2/nTimesTotal
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R2:190.B2F:H2O.S0.FB25-2 chisqBinned CorePlusR2/Data Fields/Convergence
  volume:=:427
  Units:=:NoUnits
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:R2:190.B2F:H2O.S0.FB25-2 chisqBinned CorePlusR2Convergence
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R2:190.B2F:H2O.S0.FB25-2 chisqBinned CorePlusR2/Data Fields/L2gpPrecision
  volume:=:364465
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:R2:190.B2F:H2O.S0.FB25-2 chisqBinned CorePlusR2Precision
  Units:=:vmr
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R2:190.B2F:H2O.S0.FB25-2 chisqBinned CorePlusR2/Data Fields/L2gpValue
  volume:=:365081
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:R2:190.B2F:H2O.S0.FB25-2 chisqBinned CorePlusR2
  Units:=:vmr
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R2:190.B2F:H2O.S0.FB25-2 chisqBinned CorePlusR2/Data Fields/Quality
  volume:=:427
  Units:=:NoUnits
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:R2:190.B2F:H2O.S0.FB25-2 chisqBinned CorePlusR2Quality
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R2:190.B2F:H2O.S0.FB25-2 chisqBinned CorePlusR2/Data Fields/Status
  volume:=:426
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:R2:190.B2F:H2O.S0.FB25-2 chisqBinned CorePlusR2Status
  Units:=:NoUnits
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R2:190.B2F:H2O.S0.FB25-2 chisqBinned CorePlusR2/Geolocation Fields/ChunkNumber
  volume:=:1852
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:ChunkNumber
  Units:=:NoUnits
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R2:190.B2F:H2O.S0.FB25-2 chisqBinned CorePlusR2/Geolocation Fields/Latitude
  volume:=:14322
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
  Title:=:Latitude
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R2:190.B2F:H2O.S0.FB25-2 chisqBinned CorePlusR2/Geolocation Fields/LineOfSightAngle
  volume:=:13010
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:LineOfSightAngle
  Units:=:deg
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R2:190.B2F:H2O.S0.FB25-2 chisqBinned CorePlusR2/Geolocation Fields/LocalSolarTime
  volume:=:14074
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:LocalSolarTime
  Units:=:h
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R2:190.B2F:H2O.S0.FB25-2 chisqBinned CorePlusR2/Geolocation Fields/Longitude
  volume:=:14269
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:Longitude
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R2:190.B2F:H2O.S0.FB25-2 chisqBinned CorePlusR2/Geolocation Fields/OrbitGeodeticAngle
  volume:=:5868
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:OrbitGeodeticAngle
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R2:190.B2F:H2O.S0.FB25-2 chisqBinned CorePlusR2/Geolocation Fields/Pressure
  volume:=:148
  _FillValue:=:
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  Title:=:Pressure
  Units:=:hPa
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:Aura-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R2:190.B2F:H2O.S0.FB25-2 chisqBinned CorePlusR2/Geolocation Fields/SolarZenithAngle
  volume:=:14213
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:SolarZenithAngle
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R2:190.B2F:H2O.S0.FB25-2 chisqBinned CorePlusR2/Geolocation Fields/Time
  volume:=:19031
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:Time
  Units:=:s
  MissingValue:=:
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:Aura-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R2:190.B2F:H2O.S0.FB25-2 chisqBinned CorePlusR2/nLevels
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
  REFERENCE_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R2:190.B2F:H2O.S0.FB25-2 chisqBinned CorePlusR2/nTimes
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
  REFERENCE_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R2:190.B2F:H2O.S0.FB25-2 chisqBinned CorePlusR2/nTimesTotal
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R2:190.B2F:H2O.S0.FB25-2 chisqBinned InitR2/Data Fields/Convergence
  volume:=:427
  Units:=:NoUnits
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:R2:190.B2F:H2O.S0.FB25-2 chisqBinned InitR2Convergence
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R2:190.B2F:H2O.S0.FB25-2 chisqBinned InitR2/Data Fields/L2gpPrecision
  volume:=:311148
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:R2:190.B2F:H2O.S0.FB25-2 chisqBinned InitR2Precision
  Units:=:vmr
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R2:190.B2F:H2O.S0.FB25-2 chisqBinned InitR2/Data Fields/L2gpValue
  volume:=:309094
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:R2:190.B2F:H2O.S0.FB25-2 chisqBinned InitR2
  Units:=:vmr
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R2:190.B2F:H2O.S0.FB25-2 chisqBinned InitR2/Data Fields/Quality
  volume:=:427
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:R2:190.B2F:H2O.S0.FB25-2 chisqBinned InitR2Quality
  Units:=:NoUnits
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R2:190.B2F:H2O.S0.FB25-2 chisqBinned InitR2/Data Fields/Status
  volume:=:426
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:R2:190.B2F:H2O.S0.FB25-2 chisqBinned InitR2Status
  Units:=:NoUnits
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R2:190.B2F:H2O.S0.FB25-2 chisqBinned InitR2/Geolocation Fields/ChunkNumber
  volume:=:1852
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:ChunkNumber
  Units:=:NoUnits
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R2:190.B2F:H2O.S0.FB25-2 chisqBinned InitR2/Geolocation Fields/Latitude
  volume:=:14322
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
  Title:=:Latitude
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R2:190.B2F:H2O.S0.FB25-2 chisqBinned InitR2/Geolocation Fields/LineOfSightAngle
  volume:=:13010
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:LineOfSightAngle
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R2:190.B2F:H2O.S0.FB25-2 chisqBinned InitR2/Geolocation Fields/LocalSolarTime
  volume:=:14074
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:LocalSolarTime
  Units:=:h
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R2:190.B2F:H2O.S0.FB25-2 chisqBinned InitR2/Geolocation Fields/Longitude
  volume:=:14269
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:Longitude
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R2:190.B2F:H2O.S0.FB25-2 chisqBinned InitR2/Geolocation Fields/OrbitGeodeticAngle
  volume:=:5868
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:OrbitGeodeticAngle
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R2:190.B2F:H2O.S0.FB25-2 chisqBinned InitR2/Geolocation Fields/Pressure
  volume:=:148
  _FillValue:=:
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  Title:=:Pressure
  Units:=:hPa
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:Aura-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R2:190.B2F:H2O.S0.FB25-2 chisqBinned InitR2/Geolocation Fields/SolarZenithAngle
  volume:=:14213
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:SolarZenithAngle
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R2:190.B2F:H2O.S0.FB25-2 chisqBinned InitR2/Geolocation Fields/Time
  volume:=:19031
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:Time
  Units:=:s
  MissingValue:=:
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:Aura-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R2:190.B2F:H2O.S0.FB25-2 chisqBinned InitR2/nLevels
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
  REFERENCE_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R2:190.B2F:H2O.S0.FB25-2 chisqBinned InitR2/nTimes
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
  REFERENCE_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R2:190.B2F:H2O.S0.FB25-2 chisqBinned InitR2/nTimesTotal
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R2:190.B2F:H2O.S0.FB25-2 chisqBinned InitUTH/Data Fields/Convergence
  volume:=:427
  Units:=:NoUnits
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:R2:190.B2F:H2O.S0.FB25-2 chisqBinned InitUTHConvergence
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R2:190.B2F:H2O.S0.FB25-2 chisqBinned InitUTH/Data Fields/L2gpPrecision
  volume:=:361568
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:R2:190.B2F:H2O.S0.FB25-2 chisqBinned InitUTHPrecision
  Units:=:vmr
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R2:190.B2F:H2O.S0.FB25-2 chisqBinned InitUTH/Data Fields/L2gpValue
  volume:=:361868
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:R2:190.B2F:H2O.S0.FB25-2 chisqBinned InitUTH
  Units:=:vmr
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R2:190.B2F:H2O.S0.FB25-2 chisqBinned InitUTH/Data Fields/Quality
  volume:=:427
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:R2:190.B2F:H2O.S0.FB25-2 chisqBinned InitUTHQuality
  Units:=:NoUnits
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R2:190.B2F:H2O.S0.FB25-2 chisqBinned InitUTH/Data Fields/Status
  volume:=:426
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:R2:190.B2F:H2O.S0.FB25-2 chisqBinned InitUTHStatus
  Units:=:NoUnits
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R2:190.B2F:H2O.S0.FB25-2 chisqBinned InitUTH/Geolocation Fields/ChunkNumber
  volume:=:1852
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:ChunkNumber
  Units:=:NoUnits
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R2:190.B2F:H2O.S0.FB25-2 chisqBinned InitUTH/Geolocation Fields/Latitude
  volume:=:14322
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
  Title:=:Latitude
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R2:190.B2F:H2O.S0.FB25-2 chisqBinned InitUTH/Geolocation Fields/LineOfSightAngle
  volume:=:13010
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:LineOfSightAngle
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R2:190.B2F:H2O.S0.FB25-2 chisqBinned InitUTH/Geolocation Fields/LocalSolarTime
  volume:=:14074
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:LocalSolarTime
  Units:=:h
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R2:190.B2F:H2O.S0.FB25-2 chisqBinned InitUTH/Geolocation Fields/Longitude
  volume:=:14269
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:Longitude
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R2:190.B2F:H2O.S0.FB25-2 chisqBinned InitUTH/Geolocation Fields/OrbitGeodeticAngle
  volume:=:5868
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:OrbitGeodeticAngle
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R2:190.B2F:H2O.S0.FB25-2 chisqBinned InitUTH/Geolocation Fields/Pressure
  volume:=:148
  _FillValue:=:
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  Title:=:Pressure
  Units:=:hPa
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:Aura-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R2:190.B2F:H2O.S0.FB25-2 chisqBinned InitUTH/Geolocation Fields/SolarZenithAngle
  volume:=:14213
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:SolarZenithAngle
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R2:190.B2F:H2O.S0.FB25-2 chisqBinned InitUTH/Geolocation Fields/Time
  volume:=:19031
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:Time
  Units:=:s
  MissingValue:=:
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:Aura-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R2:190.B2F:H2O.S0.FB25-2 chisqBinned InitUTH/nLevels
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
  REFERENCE_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R2:190.B2F:H2O.S0.FB25-2 chisqBinned InitUTH/nTimes
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
  REFERENCE_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R2:190.B2F:H2O.S0.FB25-2 chisqBinned InitUTH/nTimesTotal
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R2:190.B2F:H2O.S0.FB25-2 noRadsBinned CorePlusR2/Data Fields/Convergence
  volume:=:427
  Units:=:NoUnits
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:R2:190.B2F:H2O.S0.FB25-2 noRadsBinned CorePlusR2Convergence
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R2:190.B2F:H2O.S0.FB25-2 noRadsBinned CorePlusR2/Data Fields/L2gpPrecision
  volume:=:3020
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:R2:190.B2F:H2O.S0.FB25-2 noRadsBinned CorePlusR2Precision
  Units:=:vmr
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R2:190.B2F:H2O.S0.FB25-2 noRadsBinned CorePlusR2/Data Fields/L2gpValue
  volume:=:68075
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:R2:190.B2F:H2O.S0.FB25-2 noRadsBinned CorePlusR2
  Units:=:vmr
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R2:190.B2F:H2O.S0.FB25-2 noRadsBinned CorePlusR2/Data Fields/Quality
  volume:=:427
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:R2:190.B2F:H2O.S0.FB25-2 noRadsBinned CorePlusR2Quality
  Units:=:NoUnits
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R2:190.B2F:H2O.S0.FB25-2 noRadsBinned CorePlusR2/Data Fields/Status
  volume:=:426
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:R2:190.B2F:H2O.S0.FB25-2 noRadsBinned CorePlusR2Status
  Units:=:NoUnits
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R2:190.B2F:H2O.S0.FB25-2 noRadsBinned CorePlusR2/Geolocation Fields/ChunkNumber
  volume:=:1852
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:ChunkNumber
  Units:=:NoUnits
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R2:190.B2F:H2O.S0.FB25-2 noRadsBinned CorePlusR2/Geolocation Fields/Latitude
  volume:=:14322
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
  Title:=:Latitude
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R2:190.B2F:H2O.S0.FB25-2 noRadsBinned CorePlusR2/Geolocation Fields/LineOfSightAngle
  volume:=:13010
  Units:=:deg
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:LineOfSightAngle
  MissingValue:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R2:190.B2F:H2O.S0.FB25-2 noRadsBinned CorePlusR2/Geolocation Fields/LocalSolarTime
  volume:=:14074
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:LocalSolarTime
  Units:=:h
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R2:190.B2F:H2O.S0.FB25-2 noRadsBinned CorePlusR2/Geolocation Fields/Longitude
  volume:=:14269
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:Longitude
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R2:190.B2F:H2O.S0.FB25-2 noRadsBinned CorePlusR2/Geolocation Fields/OrbitGeodeticAngle
  volume:=:5868
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:OrbitGeodeticAngle
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R2:190.B2F:H2O.S0.FB25-2 noRadsBinned CorePlusR2/Geolocation Fields/Pressure
  volume:=:148
  _FillValue:=:
  Units:=:hPa
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:Aura-Shared
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  Title:=:Pressure
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R2:190.B2F:H2O.S0.FB25-2 noRadsBinned CorePlusR2/Geolocation Fields/SolarZenithAngle
  volume:=:14213
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:SolarZenithAngle
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R2:190.B2F:H2O.S0.FB25-2 noRadsBinned CorePlusR2/Geolocation Fields/Time
  volume:=:19031
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:Time
  Units:=:s
  MissingValue:=:
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:Aura-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R2:190.B2F:H2O.S0.FB25-2 noRadsBinned CorePlusR2/nLevels
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
  REFERENCE_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R2:190.B2F:H2O.S0.FB25-2 noRadsBinned CorePlusR2/nTimes
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
  REFERENCE_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R2:190.B2F:H2O.S0.FB25-2 noRadsBinned CorePlusR2/nTimesTotal
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R2:190.B2F:H2O.S0.FB25-2 noRadsBinned InitR2/Data Fields/Convergence
  volume:=:427
  Units:=:NoUnits
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:R2:190.B2F:H2O.S0.FB25-2 noRadsBinned InitR2Convergence
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R2:190.B2F:H2O.S0.FB25-2 noRadsBinned InitR2/Data Fields/L2gpPrecision
  volume:=:3020
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:R2:190.B2F:H2O.S0.FB25-2 noRadsBinned InitR2Precision
  Units:=:vmr
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R2:190.B2F:H2O.S0.FB25-2 noRadsBinned InitR2/Data Fields/L2gpValue
  volume:=:59517
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:R2:190.B2F:H2O.S0.FB25-2 noRadsBinned InitR2
  Units:=:vmr
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R2:190.B2F:H2O.S0.FB25-2 noRadsBinned InitR2/Data Fields/Quality
  volume:=:427
  Units:=:NoUnits
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:R2:190.B2F:H2O.S0.FB25-2 noRadsBinned InitR2Quality
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R2:190.B2F:H2O.S0.FB25-2 noRadsBinned InitR2/Data Fields/Status
  volume:=:426
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:R2:190.B2F:H2O.S0.FB25-2 noRadsBinned InitR2Status
  Units:=:NoUnits
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R2:190.B2F:H2O.S0.FB25-2 noRadsBinned InitR2/Geolocation Fields/ChunkNumber
  volume:=:1852
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:ChunkNumber
  Units:=:NoUnits
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R2:190.B2F:H2O.S0.FB25-2 noRadsBinned InitR2/Geolocation Fields/Latitude
  volume:=:14322
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
  Title:=:Latitude
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R2:190.B2F:H2O.S0.FB25-2 noRadsBinned InitR2/Geolocation Fields/LineOfSightAngle
  volume:=:13010
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:LineOfSightAngle
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R2:190.B2F:H2O.S0.FB25-2 noRadsBinned InitR2/Geolocation Fields/LocalSolarTime
  volume:=:14074
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:LocalSolarTime
  Units:=:h
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R2:190.B2F:H2O.S0.FB25-2 noRadsBinned InitR2/Geolocation Fields/Longitude
  volume:=:14269
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:Longitude
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R2:190.B2F:H2O.S0.FB25-2 noRadsBinned InitR2/Geolocation Fields/OrbitGeodeticAngle
  volume:=:5868
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:OrbitGeodeticAngle
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R2:190.B2F:H2O.S0.FB25-2 noRadsBinned InitR2/Geolocation Fields/Pressure
  volume:=:148
  _FillValue:=:
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  Title:=:Pressure
  Units:=:hPa
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:Aura-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R2:190.B2F:H2O.S0.FB25-2 noRadsBinned InitR2/Geolocation Fields/SolarZenithAngle
  volume:=:14213
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:SolarZenithAngle
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R2:190.B2F:H2O.S0.FB25-2 noRadsBinned InitR2/Geolocation Fields/Time
  volume:=:19031
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:Time
  Units:=:s
  MissingValue:=:
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:Aura-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R2:190.B2F:H2O.S0.FB25-2 noRadsBinned InitR2/nLevels
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
  REFERENCE_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R2:190.B2F:H2O.S0.FB25-2 noRadsBinned InitR2/nTimes
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
  REFERENCE_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R2:190.B2F:H2O.S0.FB25-2 noRadsBinned InitR2/nTimesTotal
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R2:190.B2F:H2O.S0.FB25-2 noRadsBinned InitUTH/Data Fields/Convergence
  volume:=:427
  Units:=:NoUnits
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:R2:190.B2F:H2O.S0.FB25-2 noRadsBinned InitUTHConvergence
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R2:190.B2F:H2O.S0.FB25-2 noRadsBinned InitUTH/Data Fields/L2gpPrecision
  volume:=:3020
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:R2:190.B2F:H2O.S0.FB25-2 noRadsBinned InitUTHPrecision
  Units:=:vmr
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R2:190.B2F:H2O.S0.FB25-2 noRadsBinned InitUTH/Data Fields/L2gpValue
  volume:=:60186
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:R2:190.B2F:H2O.S0.FB25-2 noRadsBinned InitUTH
  Units:=:vmr
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R2:190.B2F:H2O.S0.FB25-2 noRadsBinned InitUTH/Data Fields/Quality
  volume:=:427
  Units:=:NoUnits
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:R2:190.B2F:H2O.S0.FB25-2 noRadsBinned InitUTHQuality
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R2:190.B2F:H2O.S0.FB25-2 noRadsBinned InitUTH/Data Fields/Status
  volume:=:426
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:R2:190.B2F:H2O.S0.FB25-2 noRadsBinned InitUTHStatus
  Units:=:NoUnits
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R2:190.B2F:H2O.S0.FB25-2 noRadsBinned InitUTH/Geolocation Fields/ChunkNumber
  volume:=:1852
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:ChunkNumber
  Units:=:NoUnits
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R2:190.B2F:H2O.S0.FB25-2 noRadsBinned InitUTH/Geolocation Fields/Latitude
  volume:=:14322
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
  Title:=:Latitude
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R2:190.B2F:H2O.S0.FB25-2 noRadsBinned InitUTH/Geolocation Fields/LineOfSightAngle
  volume:=:13010
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:LineOfSightAngle
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R2:190.B2F:H2O.S0.FB25-2 noRadsBinned InitUTH/Geolocation Fields/LocalSolarTime
  volume:=:14074
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:LocalSolarTime
  Units:=:h
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R2:190.B2F:H2O.S0.FB25-2 noRadsBinned InitUTH/Geolocation Fields/Longitude
  volume:=:14269
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:Longitude
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R2:190.B2F:H2O.S0.FB25-2 noRadsBinned InitUTH/Geolocation Fields/OrbitGeodeticAngle
  volume:=:5868
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:OrbitGeodeticAngle
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R2:190.B2F:H2O.S0.FB25-2 noRadsBinned InitUTH/Geolocation Fields/Pressure
  volume:=:148
  _FillValue:=:
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  Title:=:Pressure
  Units:=:hPa
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:Aura-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R2:190.B2F:H2O.S0.FB25-2 noRadsBinned InitUTH/Geolocation Fields/SolarZenithAngle
  volume:=:14213
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:SolarZenithAngle
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R2:190.B2F:H2O.S0.FB25-2 noRadsBinned InitUTH/Geolocation Fields/Time
  volume:=:19031
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:Time
  Units:=:s
  MissingValue:=:
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:Aura-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R2:190.B2F:H2O.S0.FB25-2 noRadsBinned InitUTH/nLevels
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
  REFERENCE_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R2:190.B2F:H2O.S0.FB25-2 noRadsBinned InitUTH/nTimes
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
  REFERENCE_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R2:190.B2F:H2O.S0.FB25-2 noRadsBinned InitUTH/nTimesTotal
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R2:190.B3F:N2O.S2.FB25-3 chisqBinned CorePlusR2/Data Fields/Convergence
  volume:=:427
  Units:=:NoUnits
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:R2:190.B3F:N2O.S2.FB25-3 chisqBinned CorePlusR2Convergence
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R2:190.B3F:N2O.S2.FB25-3 chisqBinned CorePlusR2/Data Fields/L2gpPrecision
  volume:=:362220
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:R2:190.B3F:N2O.S2.FB25-3 chisqBinned CorePlusR2Precision
  Units:=:vmr
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R2:190.B3F:N2O.S2.FB25-3 chisqBinned CorePlusR2/Data Fields/L2gpValue
  volume:=:362525
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:R2:190.B3F:N2O.S2.FB25-3 chisqBinned CorePlusR2
  Units:=:vmr
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R2:190.B3F:N2O.S2.FB25-3 chisqBinned CorePlusR2/Data Fields/Quality
  volume:=:427
  Units:=:NoUnits
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:R2:190.B3F:N2O.S2.FB25-3 chisqBinned CorePlusR2Quality
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R2:190.B3F:N2O.S2.FB25-3 chisqBinned CorePlusR2/Data Fields/Status
  volume:=:426
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:R2:190.B3F:N2O.S2.FB25-3 chisqBinned CorePlusR2Status
  Units:=:NoUnits
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R2:190.B3F:N2O.S2.FB25-3 chisqBinned CorePlusR2/Geolocation Fields/ChunkNumber
  volume:=:1852
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:ChunkNumber
  Units:=:NoUnits
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R2:190.B3F:N2O.S2.FB25-3 chisqBinned CorePlusR2/Geolocation Fields/Latitude
  volume:=:14322
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
  Title:=:Latitude
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R2:190.B3F:N2O.S2.FB25-3 chisqBinned CorePlusR2/Geolocation Fields/LineOfSightAngle
  volume:=:13010
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:LineOfSightAngle
  Units:=:deg
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R2:190.B3F:N2O.S2.FB25-3 chisqBinned CorePlusR2/Geolocation Fields/LocalSolarTime
  volume:=:14074
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:LocalSolarTime
  Units:=:h
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R2:190.B3F:N2O.S2.FB25-3 chisqBinned CorePlusR2/Geolocation Fields/Longitude
  volume:=:14269
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:Longitude
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R2:190.B3F:N2O.S2.FB25-3 chisqBinned CorePlusR2/Geolocation Fields/OrbitGeodeticAngle
  volume:=:5868
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:OrbitGeodeticAngle
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R2:190.B3F:N2O.S2.FB25-3 chisqBinned CorePlusR2/Geolocation Fields/Pressure
  volume:=:148
  _FillValue:=:
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  Title:=:Pressure
  Units:=:hPa
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:Aura-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R2:190.B3F:N2O.S2.FB25-3 chisqBinned CorePlusR2/Geolocation Fields/SolarZenithAngle
  volume:=:14213
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:SolarZenithAngle
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R2:190.B3F:N2O.S2.FB25-3 chisqBinned CorePlusR2/Geolocation Fields/Time
  volume:=:19031
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:Time
  Units:=:s
  MissingValue:=:
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:Aura-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R2:190.B3F:N2O.S2.FB25-3 chisqBinned CorePlusR2/nLevels
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
  REFERENCE_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R2:190.B3F:N2O.S2.FB25-3 chisqBinned CorePlusR2/nTimes
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
  REFERENCE_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R2:190.B3F:N2O.S2.FB25-3 chisqBinned CorePlusR2/nTimesTotal
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R2:190.B3F:N2O.S2.FB25-3 chisqBinned InitR2/Data Fields/Convergence
  volume:=:427
  Units:=:NoUnits
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:R2:190.B3F:N2O.S2.FB25-3 chisqBinned InitR2Convergence
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R2:190.B3F:N2O.S2.FB25-3 chisqBinned InitR2/Data Fields/L2gpPrecision
  volume:=:317337
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:R2:190.B3F:N2O.S2.FB25-3 chisqBinned InitR2Precision
  Units:=:vmr
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R2:190.B3F:N2O.S2.FB25-3 chisqBinned InitR2/Data Fields/L2gpValue
  volume:=:312835
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:R2:190.B3F:N2O.S2.FB25-3 chisqBinned InitR2
  Units:=:vmr
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R2:190.B3F:N2O.S2.FB25-3 chisqBinned InitR2/Data Fields/Quality
  volume:=:427
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:R2:190.B3F:N2O.S2.FB25-3 chisqBinned InitR2Quality
  Units:=:NoUnits
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R2:190.B3F:N2O.S2.FB25-3 chisqBinned InitR2/Data Fields/Status
  volume:=:426
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:R2:190.B3F:N2O.S2.FB25-3 chisqBinned InitR2Status
  Units:=:NoUnits
  MissingValue:=:
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R2:190.B3F:N2O.S2.FB25-3 chisqBinned InitR2/Geolocation Fields/ChunkNumber
  volume:=:1852
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:ChunkNumber
  Units:=:NoUnits
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R2:190.B3F:N2O.S2.FB25-3 chisqBinned InitR2/Geolocation Fields/Latitude
  volume:=:14322
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
  Title:=:Latitude
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R2:190.B3F:N2O.S2.FB25-3 chisqBinned InitR2/Geolocation Fields/LineOfSightAngle
  volume:=:13010
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:LineOfSightAngle
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R2:190.B3F:N2O.S2.FB25-3 chisqBinned InitR2/Geolocation Fields/LocalSolarTime
  volume:=:14074
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:LocalSolarTime
  Units:=:h
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R2:190.B3F:N2O.S2.FB25-3 chisqBinned InitR2/Geolocation Fields/Longitude
  volume:=:14269
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:Longitude
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R2:190.B3F:N2O.S2.FB25-3 chisqBinned InitR2/Geolocation Fields/OrbitGeodeticAngle
  volume:=:5868
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:OrbitGeodeticAngle
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R2:190.B3F:N2O.S2.FB25-3 chisqBinned InitR2/Geolocation Fields/Pressure
  volume:=:148
  _FillValue:=:
  Units:=:hPa
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:Aura-Shared
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  Title:=:Pressure
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R2:190.B3F:N2O.S2.FB25-3 chisqBinned InitR2/Geolocation Fields/SolarZenithAngle
  volume:=:14213
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:SolarZenithAngle
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R2:190.B3F:N2O.S2.FB25-3 chisqBinned InitR2/Geolocation Fields/Time
  volume:=:19031
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:Time
  Units:=:s
  MissingValue:=:
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:Aura-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R2:190.B3F:N2O.S2.FB25-3 chisqBinned InitR2/nLevels
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
  REFERENCE_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R2:190.B3F:N2O.S2.FB25-3 chisqBinned InitR2/nTimes
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
  REFERENCE_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R2:190.B3F:N2O.S2.FB25-3 chisqBinned InitR2/nTimesTotal
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R2:190.B3F:N2O.S2.FB25-3 chisqBinned InitUTH/Data Fields/Convergence
  volume:=:427
  Units:=:NoUnits
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:R2:190.B3F:N2O.S2.FB25-3 chisqBinned InitUTHConvergence
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R2:190.B3F:N2O.S2.FB25-3 chisqBinned InitUTH/Data Fields/L2gpPrecision
  volume:=:353180
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:R2:190.B3F:N2O.S2.FB25-3 chisqBinned InitUTHPrecision
  Units:=:vmr
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R2:190.B3F:N2O.S2.FB25-3 chisqBinned InitUTH/Data Fields/L2gpValue
  volume:=:352079
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:R2:190.B3F:N2O.S2.FB25-3 chisqBinned InitUTH
  Units:=:vmr
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R2:190.B3F:N2O.S2.FB25-3 chisqBinned InitUTH/Data Fields/Quality
  volume:=:427
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:R2:190.B3F:N2O.S2.FB25-3 chisqBinned InitUTHQuality
  Units:=:NoUnits
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R2:190.B3F:N2O.S2.FB25-3 chisqBinned InitUTH/Data Fields/Status
  volume:=:426
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:R2:190.B3F:N2O.S2.FB25-3 chisqBinned InitUTHStatus
  Units:=:NoUnits
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R2:190.B3F:N2O.S2.FB25-3 chisqBinned InitUTH/Geolocation Fields/ChunkNumber
  volume:=:1852
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:ChunkNumber
  Units:=:NoUnits
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R2:190.B3F:N2O.S2.FB25-3 chisqBinned InitUTH/Geolocation Fields/Latitude
  volume:=:14322
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
  Title:=:Latitude
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R2:190.B3F:N2O.S2.FB25-3 chisqBinned InitUTH/Geolocation Fields/LineOfSightAngle
  volume:=:13010
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:LineOfSightAngle
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R2:190.B3F:N2O.S2.FB25-3 chisqBinned InitUTH/Geolocation Fields/LocalSolarTime
  volume:=:14074
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:LocalSolarTime
  Units:=:h
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R2:190.B3F:N2O.S2.FB25-3 chisqBinned InitUTH/Geolocation Fields/Longitude
  volume:=:14269
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:Longitude
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R2:190.B3F:N2O.S2.FB25-3 chisqBinned InitUTH/Geolocation Fields/OrbitGeodeticAngle
  volume:=:5868
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:OrbitGeodeticAngle
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R2:190.B3F:N2O.S2.FB25-3 chisqBinned InitUTH/Geolocation Fields/Pressure
  volume:=:148
  _FillValue:=:
  Units:=:hPa
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:Aura-Shared
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  Title:=:Pressure
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R2:190.B3F:N2O.S2.FB25-3 chisqBinned InitUTH/Geolocation Fields/SolarZenithAngle
  volume:=:14213
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:SolarZenithAngle
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R2:190.B3F:N2O.S2.FB25-3 chisqBinned InitUTH/Geolocation Fields/Time
  volume:=:19031
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:Time
  Units:=:s
  MissingValue:=:
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:Aura-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R2:190.B3F:N2O.S2.FB25-3 chisqBinned InitUTH/nLevels
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
  REFERENCE_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R2:190.B3F:N2O.S2.FB25-3 chisqBinned InitUTH/nTimes
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
  REFERENCE_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R2:190.B3F:N2O.S2.FB25-3 chisqBinned InitUTH/nTimesTotal
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R2:190.B3F:N2O.S2.FB25-3 noRadsBinned CorePlusR2/Data Fields/Convergence
  volume:=:427
  Units:=:NoUnits
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:R2:190.B3F:N2O.S2.FB25-3 noRadsBinned CorePlusR2Convergence
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R2:190.B3F:N2O.S2.FB25-3 noRadsBinned CorePlusR2/Data Fields/L2gpPrecision
  volume:=:3020
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:R2:190.B3F:N2O.S2.FB25-3 noRadsBinned CorePlusR2Precision
  Units:=:vmr
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R2:190.B3F:N2O.S2.FB25-3 noRadsBinned CorePlusR2/Data Fields/L2gpValue
  volume:=:50593
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:R2:190.B3F:N2O.S2.FB25-3 noRadsBinned CorePlusR2
  Units:=:vmr
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R2:190.B3F:N2O.S2.FB25-3 noRadsBinned CorePlusR2/Data Fields/Quality
  volume:=:427
  Units:=:NoUnits
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:R2:190.B3F:N2O.S2.FB25-3 noRadsBinned CorePlusR2Quality
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R2:190.B3F:N2O.S2.FB25-3 noRadsBinned CorePlusR2/Data Fields/Status
  volume:=:426
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:R2:190.B3F:N2O.S2.FB25-3 noRadsBinned CorePlusR2Status
  Units:=:NoUnits
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R2:190.B3F:N2O.S2.FB25-3 noRadsBinned CorePlusR2/Geolocation Fields/ChunkNumber
  volume:=:1852
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:ChunkNumber
  Units:=:NoUnits
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R2:190.B3F:N2O.S2.FB25-3 noRadsBinned CorePlusR2/Geolocation Fields/Latitude
  volume:=:14322
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
  Title:=:Latitude
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R2:190.B3F:N2O.S2.FB25-3 noRadsBinned CorePlusR2/Geolocation Fields/LineOfSightAngle
  volume:=:13010
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:LineOfSightAngle
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R2:190.B3F:N2O.S2.FB25-3 noRadsBinned CorePlusR2/Geolocation Fields/LocalSolarTime
  volume:=:14074
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:LocalSolarTime
  Units:=:h
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R2:190.B3F:N2O.S2.FB25-3 noRadsBinned CorePlusR2/Geolocation Fields/Longitude
  volume:=:14269
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:Longitude
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R2:190.B3F:N2O.S2.FB25-3 noRadsBinned CorePlusR2/Geolocation Fields/OrbitGeodeticAngle
  volume:=:5868
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:OrbitGeodeticAngle
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R2:190.B3F:N2O.S2.FB25-3 noRadsBinned CorePlusR2/Geolocation Fields/Pressure
  volume:=:148
  _FillValue:=:
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  Title:=:Pressure
  Units:=:hPa
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:Aura-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R2:190.B3F:N2O.S2.FB25-3 noRadsBinned CorePlusR2/Geolocation Fields/SolarZenithAngle
  volume:=:14213
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:SolarZenithAngle
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R2:190.B3F:N2O.S2.FB25-3 noRadsBinned CorePlusR2/Geolocation Fields/Time
  volume:=:19031
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:Time
  Units:=:s
  MissingValue:=:
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:Aura-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R2:190.B3F:N2O.S2.FB25-3 noRadsBinned CorePlusR2/nLevels
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
  REFERENCE_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R2:190.B3F:N2O.S2.FB25-3 noRadsBinned CorePlusR2/nTimes
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
  REFERENCE_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R2:190.B3F:N2O.S2.FB25-3 noRadsBinned CorePlusR2/nTimesTotal
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R2:190.B3F:N2O.S2.FB25-3 noRadsBinned InitR2/Data Fields/Convergence
  volume:=:427
  Units:=:NoUnits
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:R2:190.B3F:N2O.S2.FB25-3 noRadsBinned InitR2Convergence
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R2:190.B3F:N2O.S2.FB25-3 noRadsBinned InitR2/Data Fields/L2gpPrecision
  volume:=:3020
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:R2:190.B3F:N2O.S2.FB25-3 noRadsBinned InitR2Precision
  Units:=:vmr
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R2:190.B3F:N2O.S2.FB25-3 noRadsBinned InitR2/Data Fields/L2gpValue
  volume:=:50436
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:R2:190.B3F:N2O.S2.FB25-3 noRadsBinned InitR2
  Units:=:vmr
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R2:190.B3F:N2O.S2.FB25-3 noRadsBinned InitR2/Data Fields/Quality
  volume:=:427
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:R2:190.B3F:N2O.S2.FB25-3 noRadsBinned InitR2Quality
  Units:=:NoUnits
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R2:190.B3F:N2O.S2.FB25-3 noRadsBinned InitR2/Data Fields/Status
  volume:=:426
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:R2:190.B3F:N2O.S2.FB25-3 noRadsBinned InitR2Status
  Units:=:NoUnits
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R2:190.B3F:N2O.S2.FB25-3 noRadsBinned InitR2/Geolocation Fields/ChunkNumber
  volume:=:1852
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:ChunkNumber
  Units:=:NoUnits
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R2:190.B3F:N2O.S2.FB25-3 noRadsBinned InitR2/Geolocation Fields/Latitude
  volume:=:14322
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
  Title:=:Latitude
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R2:190.B3F:N2O.S2.FB25-3 noRadsBinned InitR2/Geolocation Fields/LineOfSightAngle
  volume:=:13010
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:LineOfSightAngle
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R2:190.B3F:N2O.S2.FB25-3 noRadsBinned InitR2/Geolocation Fields/LocalSolarTime
  volume:=:14074
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:LocalSolarTime
  Units:=:h
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R2:190.B3F:N2O.S2.FB25-3 noRadsBinned InitR2/Geolocation Fields/Longitude
  volume:=:14269
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:Longitude
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R2:190.B3F:N2O.S2.FB25-3 noRadsBinned InitR2/Geolocation Fields/OrbitGeodeticAngle
  volume:=:5868
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:OrbitGeodeticAngle
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R2:190.B3F:N2O.S2.FB25-3 noRadsBinned InitR2/Geolocation Fields/Pressure
  volume:=:148
  _FillValue:=:
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  Title:=:Pressure
  Units:=:hPa
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:Aura-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R2:190.B3F:N2O.S2.FB25-3 noRadsBinned InitR2/Geolocation Fields/SolarZenithAngle
  volume:=:14213
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:SolarZenithAngle
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R2:190.B3F:N2O.S2.FB25-3 noRadsBinned InitR2/Geolocation Fields/Time
  volume:=:19031
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:Time
  Units:=:s
  MissingValue:=:
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:Aura-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R2:190.B3F:N2O.S2.FB25-3 noRadsBinned InitR2/nLevels
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
  REFERENCE_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R2:190.B3F:N2O.S2.FB25-3 noRadsBinned InitR2/nTimes
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
  REFERENCE_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R2:190.B3F:N2O.S2.FB25-3 noRadsBinned InitR2/nTimesTotal
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R2:190.B3F:N2O.S2.FB25-3 noRadsBinned InitUTH/Data Fields/Convergence
  volume:=:427
  Units:=:NoUnits
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:R2:190.B3F:N2O.S2.FB25-3 noRadsBinned InitUTHConvergence
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R2:190.B3F:N2O.S2.FB25-3 noRadsBinned InitUTH/Data Fields/L2gpPrecision
  volume:=:3020
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:R2:190.B3F:N2O.S2.FB25-3 noRadsBinned InitUTHPrecision
  Units:=:vmr
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R2:190.B3F:N2O.S2.FB25-3 noRadsBinned InitUTH/Data Fields/L2gpValue
  volume:=:47263
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:R2:190.B3F:N2O.S2.FB25-3 noRadsBinned InitUTH
  Units:=:vmr
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R2:190.B3F:N2O.S2.FB25-3 noRadsBinned InitUTH/Data Fields/Quality
  volume:=:427
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:R2:190.B3F:N2O.S2.FB25-3 noRadsBinned InitUTHQuality
  Units:=:NoUnits
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R2:190.B3F:N2O.S2.FB25-3 noRadsBinned InitUTH/Data Fields/Status
  volume:=:426
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:R2:190.B3F:N2O.S2.FB25-3 noRadsBinned InitUTHStatus
  Units:=:NoUnits
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R2:190.B3F:N2O.S2.FB25-3 noRadsBinned InitUTH/Geolocation Fields/ChunkNumber
  volume:=:1852
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:ChunkNumber
  Units:=:NoUnits
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R2:190.B3F:N2O.S2.FB25-3 noRadsBinned InitUTH/Geolocation Fields/Latitude
  volume:=:14322
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
  Title:=:Latitude
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R2:190.B3F:N2O.S2.FB25-3 noRadsBinned InitUTH/Geolocation Fields/LineOfSightAngle
  volume:=:13010
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:LineOfSightAngle
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R2:190.B3F:N2O.S2.FB25-3 noRadsBinned InitUTH/Geolocation Fields/LocalSolarTime
  volume:=:14074
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:LocalSolarTime
  Units:=:h
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R2:190.B3F:N2O.S2.FB25-3 noRadsBinned InitUTH/Geolocation Fields/Longitude
  volume:=:14269
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:Longitude
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R2:190.B3F:N2O.S2.FB25-3 noRadsBinned InitUTH/Geolocation Fields/OrbitGeodeticAngle
  volume:=:5868
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:OrbitGeodeticAngle
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R2:190.B3F:N2O.S2.FB25-3 noRadsBinned InitUTH/Geolocation Fields/Pressure
  volume:=:148
  _FillValue:=:
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  Title:=:Pressure
  Units:=:hPa
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:Aura-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R2:190.B3F:N2O.S2.FB25-3 noRadsBinned InitUTH/Geolocation Fields/SolarZenithAngle
  volume:=:14213
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:SolarZenithAngle
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R2:190.B3F:N2O.S2.FB25-3 noRadsBinned InitUTH/Geolocation Fields/Time
  volume:=:19031
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:Time
  Units:=:s
  MissingValue:=:
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:Aura-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R2:190.B3F:N2O.S2.FB25-3 noRadsBinned InitUTH/nLevels
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
  REFERENCE_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R2:190.B3F:N2O.S2.FB25-3 noRadsBinned InitUTH/nTimes
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
  REFERENCE_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R2:190.B3F:N2O.S2.FB25-3 noRadsBinned InitUTH/nTimesTotal
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R2:190.B4F:HNO3.S0.FB25-4 chisqBinned CorePlusR2/Data Fields/Convergence
  volume:=:427
  Units:=:NoUnits
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:R2:190.B4F:HNO3.S0.FB25-4 chisqBinned CorePlusR2Convergence
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R2:190.B4F:HNO3.S0.FB25-4 chisqBinned CorePlusR2/Data Fields/L2gpPrecision
  volume:=:361196
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:R2:190.B4F:HNO3.S0.FB25-4 chisqBinned CorePlusR2Precision
  Units:=:vmr
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R2:190.B4F:HNO3.S0.FB25-4 chisqBinned CorePlusR2/Data Fields/L2gpValue
  volume:=:362633
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:R2:190.B4F:HNO3.S0.FB25-4 chisqBinned CorePlusR2
  Units:=:vmr
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R2:190.B4F:HNO3.S0.FB25-4 chisqBinned CorePlusR2/Data Fields/Quality
  volume:=:427
  Units:=:NoUnits
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:R2:190.B4F:HNO3.S0.FB25-4 chisqBinned CorePlusR2Quality
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R2:190.B4F:HNO3.S0.FB25-4 chisqBinned CorePlusR2/Data Fields/Status
  volume:=:426
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:R2:190.B4F:HNO3.S0.FB25-4 chisqBinned CorePlusR2Status
  Units:=:NoUnits
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R2:190.B4F:HNO3.S0.FB25-4 chisqBinned CorePlusR2/Geolocation Fields/ChunkNumber
  volume:=:1852
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:ChunkNumber
  Units:=:NoUnits
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R2:190.B4F:HNO3.S0.FB25-4 chisqBinned CorePlusR2/Geolocation Fields/Latitude
  volume:=:14322
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
  Title:=:Latitude
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R2:190.B4F:HNO3.S0.FB25-4 chisqBinned CorePlusR2/Geolocation Fields/LineOfSightAngle
  volume:=:13010
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:LineOfSightAngle
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R2:190.B4F:HNO3.S0.FB25-4 chisqBinned CorePlusR2/Geolocation Fields/LocalSolarTime
  volume:=:14074
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:LocalSolarTime
  Units:=:h
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R2:190.B4F:HNO3.S0.FB25-4 chisqBinned CorePlusR2/Geolocation Fields/Longitude
  volume:=:14269
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:Longitude
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R2:190.B4F:HNO3.S0.FB25-4 chisqBinned CorePlusR2/Geolocation Fields/OrbitGeodeticAngle
  volume:=:5868
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:OrbitGeodeticAngle
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R2:190.B4F:HNO3.S0.FB25-4 chisqBinned CorePlusR2/Geolocation Fields/Pressure
  volume:=:148
  _FillValue:=:
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  Title:=:Pressure
  Units:=:hPa
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:Aura-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R2:190.B4F:HNO3.S0.FB25-4 chisqBinned CorePlusR2/Geolocation Fields/SolarZenithAngle
  volume:=:14213
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:SolarZenithAngle
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R2:190.B4F:HNO3.S0.FB25-4 chisqBinned CorePlusR2/Geolocation Fields/Time
  volume:=:19031
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:Time
  Units:=:s
  MissingValue:=:
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:Aura-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R2:190.B4F:HNO3.S0.FB25-4 chisqBinned CorePlusR2/nLevels
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
  REFERENCE_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R2:190.B4F:HNO3.S0.FB25-4 chisqBinned CorePlusR2/nTimes
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
  REFERENCE_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R2:190.B4F:HNO3.S0.FB25-4 chisqBinned CorePlusR2/nTimesTotal
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R2:190.B4F:HNO3.S0.FB25-4 chisqBinned InitR2/Data Fields/Convergence
  volume:=:427
  Units:=:NoUnits
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:R2:190.B4F:HNO3.S0.FB25-4 chisqBinned InitR2Convergence
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R2:190.B4F:HNO3.S0.FB25-4 chisqBinned InitR2/Data Fields/L2gpPrecision
  volume:=:316226
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:R2:190.B4F:HNO3.S0.FB25-4 chisqBinned InitR2Precision
  Units:=:vmr
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R2:190.B4F:HNO3.S0.FB25-4 chisqBinned InitR2/Data Fields/L2gpValue
  volume:=:313655
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:R2:190.B4F:HNO3.S0.FB25-4 chisqBinned InitR2
  Units:=:vmr
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R2:190.B4F:HNO3.S0.FB25-4 chisqBinned InitR2/Data Fields/Quality
  volume:=:427
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:R2:190.B4F:HNO3.S0.FB25-4 chisqBinned InitR2Quality
  Units:=:NoUnits
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R2:190.B4F:HNO3.S0.FB25-4 chisqBinned InitR2/Data Fields/Status
  volume:=:426
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:R2:190.B4F:HNO3.S0.FB25-4 chisqBinned InitR2Status
  Units:=:NoUnits
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R2:190.B4F:HNO3.S0.FB25-4 chisqBinned InitR2/Geolocation Fields/ChunkNumber
  volume:=:1852
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:ChunkNumber
  Units:=:NoUnits
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R2:190.B4F:HNO3.S0.FB25-4 chisqBinned InitR2/Geolocation Fields/Latitude
  volume:=:14322
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
  Title:=:Latitude
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R2:190.B4F:HNO3.S0.FB25-4 chisqBinned InitR2/Geolocation Fields/LineOfSightAngle
  volume:=:13010
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:LineOfSightAngle
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R2:190.B4F:HNO3.S0.FB25-4 chisqBinned InitR2/Geolocation Fields/LocalSolarTime
  volume:=:14074
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:LocalSolarTime
  Units:=:h
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R2:190.B4F:HNO3.S0.FB25-4 chisqBinned InitR2/Geolocation Fields/Longitude
  volume:=:14269
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:Longitude
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R2:190.B4F:HNO3.S0.FB25-4 chisqBinned InitR2/Geolocation Fields/OrbitGeodeticAngle
  volume:=:5868
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:OrbitGeodeticAngle
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R2:190.B4F:HNO3.S0.FB25-4 chisqBinned InitR2/Geolocation Fields/Pressure
  volume:=:148
  _FillValue:=:
  Units:=:hPa
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:Aura-Shared
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  Title:=:Pressure
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R2:190.B4F:HNO3.S0.FB25-4 chisqBinned InitR2/Geolocation Fields/SolarZenithAngle
  volume:=:14213
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:SolarZenithAngle
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R2:190.B4F:HNO3.S0.FB25-4 chisqBinned InitR2/Geolocation Fields/Time
  volume:=:19031
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:Time
  Units:=:s
  MissingValue:=:
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:Aura-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R2:190.B4F:HNO3.S0.FB25-4 chisqBinned InitR2/nLevels
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
  REFERENCE_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R2:190.B4F:HNO3.S0.FB25-4 chisqBinned InitR2/nTimes
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
  REFERENCE_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R2:190.B4F:HNO3.S0.FB25-4 chisqBinned InitR2/nTimesTotal
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R2:190.B4F:HNO3.S0.FB25-4 chisqBinned InitUTH/Data Fields/Convergence
  volume:=:427
  Units:=:NoUnits
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:R2:190.B4F:HNO3.S0.FB25-4 chisqBinned InitUTHConvergence
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R2:190.B4F:HNO3.S0.FB25-4 chisqBinned InitUTH/Data Fields/L2gpPrecision
  volume:=:293795
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:R2:190.B4F:HNO3.S0.FB25-4 chisqBinned InitUTHPrecision
  Units:=:vmr
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R2:190.B4F:HNO3.S0.FB25-4 chisqBinned InitUTH/Data Fields/L2gpValue
  volume:=:293169
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:R2:190.B4F:HNO3.S0.FB25-4 chisqBinned InitUTH
  Units:=:vmr
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R2:190.B4F:HNO3.S0.FB25-4 chisqBinned InitUTH/Data Fields/Quality
  volume:=:427
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:R2:190.B4F:HNO3.S0.FB25-4 chisqBinned InitUTHQuality
  Units:=:NoUnits
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R2:190.B4F:HNO3.S0.FB25-4 chisqBinned InitUTH/Data Fields/Status
  volume:=:426
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:R2:190.B4F:HNO3.S0.FB25-4 chisqBinned InitUTHStatus
  Units:=:NoUnits
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R2:190.B4F:HNO3.S0.FB25-4 chisqBinned InitUTH/Geolocation Fields/ChunkNumber
  volume:=:1852
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:ChunkNumber
  Units:=:NoUnits
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R2:190.B4F:HNO3.S0.FB25-4 chisqBinned InitUTH/Geolocation Fields/Latitude
  volume:=:14322
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
  Title:=:Latitude
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R2:190.B4F:HNO3.S0.FB25-4 chisqBinned InitUTH/Geolocation Fields/LineOfSightAngle
  volume:=:13010
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:LineOfSightAngle
  Units:=:deg
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R2:190.B4F:HNO3.S0.FB25-4 chisqBinned InitUTH/Geolocation Fields/LocalSolarTime
  volume:=:14074
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:LocalSolarTime
  Units:=:h
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R2:190.B4F:HNO3.S0.FB25-4 chisqBinned InitUTH/Geolocation Fields/Longitude
  volume:=:14269
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:Longitude
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R2:190.B4F:HNO3.S0.FB25-4 chisqBinned InitUTH/Geolocation Fields/OrbitGeodeticAngle
  volume:=:5868
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:OrbitGeodeticAngle
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R2:190.B4F:HNO3.S0.FB25-4 chisqBinned InitUTH/Geolocation Fields/Pressure
  volume:=:148
  _FillValue:=:
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  Title:=:Pressure
  Units:=:hPa
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:Aura-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R2:190.B4F:HNO3.S0.FB25-4 chisqBinned InitUTH/Geolocation Fields/SolarZenithAngle
  volume:=:14213
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:SolarZenithAngle
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R2:190.B4F:HNO3.S0.FB25-4 chisqBinned InitUTH/Geolocation Fields/Time
  volume:=:19031
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:Time
  Units:=:s
  MissingValue:=:
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:Aura-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R2:190.B4F:HNO3.S0.FB25-4 chisqBinned InitUTH/nLevels
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
  REFERENCE_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R2:190.B4F:HNO3.S0.FB25-4 chisqBinned InitUTH/nTimes
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
  REFERENCE_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R2:190.B4F:HNO3.S0.FB25-4 chisqBinned InitUTH/nTimesTotal
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R2:190.B4F:HNO3.S0.FB25-4 noRadsBinned CorePlusR2/Data Fields/Convergence
  volume:=:427
  Units:=:NoUnits
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:R2:190.B4F:HNO3.S0.FB25-4 noRadsBinned CorePlusR2Convergence
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R2:190.B4F:HNO3.S0.FB25-4 noRadsBinned CorePlusR2/Data Fields/L2gpPrecision
  volume:=:3020
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:R2:190.B4F:HNO3.S0.FB25-4 noRadsBinned CorePlusR2Precision
  Units:=:vmr
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R2:190.B4F:HNO3.S0.FB25-4 noRadsBinned CorePlusR2/Data Fields/L2gpValue
  volume:=:45098
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:R2:190.B4F:HNO3.S0.FB25-4 noRadsBinned CorePlusR2
  Units:=:vmr
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R2:190.B4F:HNO3.S0.FB25-4 noRadsBinned CorePlusR2/Data Fields/Quality
  volume:=:427
  Units:=:NoUnits
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:R2:190.B4F:HNO3.S0.FB25-4 noRadsBinned CorePlusR2Quality
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R2:190.B4F:HNO3.S0.FB25-4 noRadsBinned CorePlusR2/Data Fields/Status
  volume:=:426
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:R2:190.B4F:HNO3.S0.FB25-4 noRadsBinned CorePlusR2Status
  Units:=:NoUnits
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R2:190.B4F:HNO3.S0.FB25-4 noRadsBinned CorePlusR2/Geolocation Fields/ChunkNumber
  volume:=:1852
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:ChunkNumber
  Units:=:NoUnits
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R2:190.B4F:HNO3.S0.FB25-4 noRadsBinned CorePlusR2/Geolocation Fields/Latitude
  volume:=:14322
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
  Title:=:Latitude
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R2:190.B4F:HNO3.S0.FB25-4 noRadsBinned CorePlusR2/Geolocation Fields/LineOfSightAngle
  volume:=:13010
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:LineOfSightAngle
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R2:190.B4F:HNO3.S0.FB25-4 noRadsBinned CorePlusR2/Geolocation Fields/LocalSolarTime
  volume:=:14074
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:LocalSolarTime
  Units:=:h
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R2:190.B4F:HNO3.S0.FB25-4 noRadsBinned CorePlusR2/Geolocation Fields/Longitude
  volume:=:14269
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:Longitude
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R2:190.B4F:HNO3.S0.FB25-4 noRadsBinned CorePlusR2/Geolocation Fields/OrbitGeodeticAngle
  volume:=:5868
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:OrbitGeodeticAngle
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R2:190.B4F:HNO3.S0.FB25-4 noRadsBinned CorePlusR2/Geolocation Fields/Pressure
  volume:=:148
  _FillValue:=:
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  Title:=:Pressure
  Units:=:hPa
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:Aura-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R2:190.B4F:HNO3.S0.FB25-4 noRadsBinned CorePlusR2/Geolocation Fields/SolarZenithAngle
  volume:=:14213
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:SolarZenithAngle
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R2:190.B4F:HNO3.S0.FB25-4 noRadsBinned CorePlusR2/Geolocation Fields/Time
  volume:=:19031
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:Time
  Units:=:s
  MissingValue:=:
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:Aura-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R2:190.B4F:HNO3.S0.FB25-4 noRadsBinned CorePlusR2/nLevels
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
  REFERENCE_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R2:190.B4F:HNO3.S0.FB25-4 noRadsBinned CorePlusR2/nTimes
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
  REFERENCE_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R2:190.B4F:HNO3.S0.FB25-4 noRadsBinned CorePlusR2/nTimesTotal
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R2:190.B4F:HNO3.S0.FB25-4 noRadsBinned InitR2/Data Fields/Convergence
  volume:=:427
  Units:=:NoUnits
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:R2:190.B4F:HNO3.S0.FB25-4 noRadsBinned InitR2Convergence
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R2:190.B4F:HNO3.S0.FB25-4 noRadsBinned InitR2/Data Fields/L2gpPrecision
  volume:=:3020
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:R2:190.B4F:HNO3.S0.FB25-4 noRadsBinned InitR2Precision
  Units:=:vmr
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R2:190.B4F:HNO3.S0.FB25-4 noRadsBinned InitR2/Data Fields/L2gpValue
  volume:=:44124
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:R2:190.B4F:HNO3.S0.FB25-4 noRadsBinned InitR2
  Units:=:vmr
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R2:190.B4F:HNO3.S0.FB25-4 noRadsBinned InitR2/Data Fields/Quality
  volume:=:427
  _FillValue:=:
  Units:=:NoUnits
  Title:=:R2:190.B4F:HNO3.S0.FB25-4 noRadsBinned InitR2Quality
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R2:190.B4F:HNO3.S0.FB25-4 noRadsBinned InitR2/Data Fields/Status
  volume:=:426
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:R2:190.B4F:HNO3.S0.FB25-4 noRadsBinned InitR2Status
  Units:=:NoUnits
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R2:190.B4F:HNO3.S0.FB25-4 noRadsBinned InitR2/Geolocation Fields/ChunkNumber
  volume:=:1852
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:ChunkNumber
  Units:=:NoUnits
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R2:190.B4F:HNO3.S0.FB25-4 noRadsBinned InitR2/Geolocation Fields/Latitude
  volume:=:14322
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
  Title:=:Latitude
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R2:190.B4F:HNO3.S0.FB25-4 noRadsBinned InitR2/Geolocation Fields/LineOfSightAngle
  volume:=:13010
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:LineOfSightAngle
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R2:190.B4F:HNO3.S0.FB25-4 noRadsBinned InitR2/Geolocation Fields/LocalSolarTime
  volume:=:14074
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:LocalSolarTime
  Units:=:h
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R2:190.B4F:HNO3.S0.FB25-4 noRadsBinned InitR2/Geolocation Fields/Longitude
  volume:=:14269
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:Longitude
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R2:190.B4F:HNO3.S0.FB25-4 noRadsBinned InitR2/Geolocation Fields/OrbitGeodeticAngle
  volume:=:5868
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:OrbitGeodeticAngle
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R2:190.B4F:HNO3.S0.FB25-4 noRadsBinned InitR2/Geolocation Fields/Pressure
  volume:=:148
  _FillValue:=:
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  Title:=:Pressure
  Units:=:hPa
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:Aura-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R2:190.B4F:HNO3.S0.FB25-4 noRadsBinned InitR2/Geolocation Fields/SolarZenithAngle
  volume:=:14213
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:SolarZenithAngle
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R2:190.B4F:HNO3.S0.FB25-4 noRadsBinned InitR2/Geolocation Fields/Time
  volume:=:19031
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:Time
  Units:=:s
  MissingValue:=:
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:Aura-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R2:190.B4F:HNO3.S0.FB25-4 noRadsBinned InitR2/nLevels
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
  REFERENCE_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R2:190.B4F:HNO3.S0.FB25-4 noRadsBinned InitR2/nTimes
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
  REFERENCE_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R2:190.B4F:HNO3.S0.FB25-4 noRadsBinned InitR2/nTimesTotal
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R2:190.B4F:HNO3.S0.FB25-4 noRadsBinned InitUTH/Data Fields/Convergence
  volume:=:427
  Units:=:NoUnits
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:R2:190.B4F:HNO3.S0.FB25-4 noRadsBinned InitUTHConvergence
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R2:190.B4F:HNO3.S0.FB25-4 noRadsBinned InitUTH/Data Fields/L2gpPrecision
  volume:=:3020
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:R2:190.B4F:HNO3.S0.FB25-4 noRadsBinned InitUTHPrecision
  Units:=:vmr
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R2:190.B4F:HNO3.S0.FB25-4 noRadsBinned InitUTH/Data Fields/L2gpValue
  volume:=:50459
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:R2:190.B4F:HNO3.S0.FB25-4 noRadsBinned InitUTH
  Units:=:vmr
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R2:190.B4F:HNO3.S0.FB25-4 noRadsBinned InitUTH/Data Fields/Quality
  volume:=:427
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:R2:190.B4F:HNO3.S0.FB25-4 noRadsBinned InitUTHQuality
  Units:=:NoUnits
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R2:190.B4F:HNO3.S0.FB25-4 noRadsBinned InitUTH/Data Fields/Status
  volume:=:426
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:R2:190.B4F:HNO3.S0.FB25-4 noRadsBinned InitUTHStatus
  Units:=:NoUnits
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R2:190.B4F:HNO3.S0.FB25-4 noRadsBinned InitUTH/Geolocation Fields/ChunkNumber
  volume:=:1852
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:ChunkNumber
  Units:=:NoUnits
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R2:190.B4F:HNO3.S0.FB25-4 noRadsBinned InitUTH/Geolocation Fields/Latitude
  volume:=:14322
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
  Title:=:Latitude
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R2:190.B4F:HNO3.S0.FB25-4 noRadsBinned InitUTH/Geolocation Fields/LineOfSightAngle
  volume:=:13010
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:LineOfSightAngle
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R2:190.B4F:HNO3.S0.FB25-4 noRadsBinned InitUTH/Geolocation Fields/LocalSolarTime
  volume:=:14074
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:LocalSolarTime
  Units:=:h
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R2:190.B4F:HNO3.S0.FB25-4 noRadsBinned InitUTH/Geolocation Fields/Longitude
  volume:=:14269
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:Longitude
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R2:190.B4F:HNO3.S0.FB25-4 noRadsBinned InitUTH/Geolocation Fields/OrbitGeodeticAngle
  volume:=:5868
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:OrbitGeodeticAngle
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R2:190.B4F:HNO3.S0.FB25-4 noRadsBinned InitUTH/Geolocation Fields/Pressure
  volume:=:148
  _FillValue:=:
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  Title:=:Pressure
  Units:=:hPa
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:Aura-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R2:190.B4F:HNO3.S0.FB25-4 noRadsBinned InitUTH/Geolocation Fields/SolarZenithAngle
  volume:=:14213
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:SolarZenithAngle
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R2:190.B4F:HNO3.S0.FB25-4 noRadsBinned InitUTH/Geolocation Fields/Time
  volume:=:19031
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:Time
  Units:=:s
  MissingValue:=:
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:Aura-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R2:190.B4F:HNO3.S0.FB25-4 noRadsBinned InitUTH/nLevels
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
  REFERENCE_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R2:190.B4F:HNO3.S0.FB25-4 noRadsBinned InitUTH/nTimes
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
  REFERENCE_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R2:190.B4F:HNO3.S0.FB25-4 noRadsBinned InitUTH/nTimesTotal
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R2:190.B5F:CLO.S0.FB25-5 chisqBinned CorePlusR2/Data Fields/Convergence
  volume:=:427
  Units:=:NoUnits
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:R2:190.B5F:CLO.S0.FB25-5 chisqBinned CorePlusR2Convergence
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R2:190.B5F:CLO.S0.FB25-5 chisqBinned CorePlusR2/Data Fields/L2gpPrecision
  volume:=:360069
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:R2:190.B5F:CLO.S0.FB25-5 chisqBinned CorePlusR2Precision
  Units:=:vmr
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R2:190.B5F:CLO.S0.FB25-5 chisqBinned CorePlusR2/Data Fields/L2gpValue
  volume:=:361313
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:R2:190.B5F:CLO.S0.FB25-5 chisqBinned CorePlusR2
  Units:=:vmr
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R2:190.B5F:CLO.S0.FB25-5 chisqBinned CorePlusR2/Data Fields/Quality
  volume:=:427
  Units:=:NoUnits
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:R2:190.B5F:CLO.S0.FB25-5 chisqBinned CorePlusR2Quality
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R2:190.B5F:CLO.S0.FB25-5 chisqBinned CorePlusR2/Data Fields/Status
  volume:=:426
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:R2:190.B5F:CLO.S0.FB25-5 chisqBinned CorePlusR2Status
  Units:=:NoUnits
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R2:190.B5F:CLO.S0.FB25-5 chisqBinned CorePlusR2/Geolocation Fields/ChunkNumber
  volume:=:1852
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:ChunkNumber
  Units:=:NoUnits
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R2:190.B5F:CLO.S0.FB25-5 chisqBinned CorePlusR2/Geolocation Fields/Latitude
  volume:=:14322
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
  Title:=:Latitude
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R2:190.B5F:CLO.S0.FB25-5 chisqBinned CorePlusR2/Geolocation Fields/LineOfSightAngle
  volume:=:13010
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:LineOfSightAngle
  Units:=:deg
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R2:190.B5F:CLO.S0.FB25-5 chisqBinned CorePlusR2/Geolocation Fields/LocalSolarTime
  volume:=:14074
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:LocalSolarTime
  Units:=:h
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R2:190.B5F:CLO.S0.FB25-5 chisqBinned CorePlusR2/Geolocation Fields/Longitude
  volume:=:14269
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:Longitude
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R2:190.B5F:CLO.S0.FB25-5 chisqBinned CorePlusR2/Geolocation Fields/OrbitGeodeticAngle
  volume:=:5868
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:OrbitGeodeticAngle
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R2:190.B5F:CLO.S0.FB25-5 chisqBinned CorePlusR2/Geolocation Fields/Pressure
  volume:=:148
  _FillValue:=:
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  Title:=:Pressure
  Units:=:hPa
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:Aura-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R2:190.B5F:CLO.S0.FB25-5 chisqBinned CorePlusR2/Geolocation Fields/SolarZenithAngle
  volume:=:14213
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:SolarZenithAngle
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R2:190.B5F:CLO.S0.FB25-5 chisqBinned CorePlusR2/Geolocation Fields/Time
  volume:=:19031
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:Time
  Units:=:s
  MissingValue:=:
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:Aura-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R2:190.B5F:CLO.S0.FB25-5 chisqBinned CorePlusR2/nLevels
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
  REFERENCE_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R2:190.B5F:CLO.S0.FB25-5 chisqBinned CorePlusR2/nTimes
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
  REFERENCE_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R2:190.B5F:CLO.S0.FB25-5 chisqBinned CorePlusR2/nTimesTotal
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R2:190.B5F:CLO.S0.FB25-5 chisqBinned InitR2/Data Fields/Convergence
  volume:=:427
  Units:=:NoUnits
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:R2:190.B5F:CLO.S0.FB25-5 chisqBinned InitR2Convergence
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R2:190.B5F:CLO.S0.FB25-5 chisqBinned InitR2/Data Fields/L2gpPrecision
  volume:=:302963
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:R2:190.B5F:CLO.S0.FB25-5 chisqBinned InitR2Precision
  Units:=:vmr
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R2:190.B5F:CLO.S0.FB25-5 chisqBinned InitR2/Data Fields/L2gpValue
  volume:=:300385
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:R2:190.B5F:CLO.S0.FB25-5 chisqBinned InitR2
  Units:=:vmr
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R2:190.B5F:CLO.S0.FB25-5 chisqBinned InitR2/Data Fields/Quality
  volume:=:427
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:R2:190.B5F:CLO.S0.FB25-5 chisqBinned InitR2Quality
  Units:=:NoUnits
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R2:190.B5F:CLO.S0.FB25-5 chisqBinned InitR2/Data Fields/Status
  volume:=:426
  _FillValue:=:
  Units:=:NoUnits
  Title:=:R2:190.B5F:CLO.S0.FB25-5 chisqBinned InitR2Status
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R2:190.B5F:CLO.S0.FB25-5 chisqBinned InitR2/Geolocation Fields/ChunkNumber
  volume:=:1852
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:ChunkNumber
  Units:=:NoUnits
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R2:190.B5F:CLO.S0.FB25-5 chisqBinned InitR2/Geolocation Fields/Latitude
  volume:=:14322
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
  Title:=:Latitude
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R2:190.B5F:CLO.S0.FB25-5 chisqBinned InitR2/Geolocation Fields/LineOfSightAngle
  volume:=:13010
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:LineOfSightAngle
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R2:190.B5F:CLO.S0.FB25-5 chisqBinned InitR2/Geolocation Fields/LocalSolarTime
  volume:=:14074
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:LocalSolarTime
  Units:=:h
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R2:190.B5F:CLO.S0.FB25-5 chisqBinned InitR2/Geolocation Fields/Longitude
  volume:=:14269
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:Longitude
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R2:190.B5F:CLO.S0.FB25-5 chisqBinned InitR2/Geolocation Fields/OrbitGeodeticAngle
  volume:=:5868
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:OrbitGeodeticAngle
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R2:190.B5F:CLO.S0.FB25-5 chisqBinned InitR2/Geolocation Fields/Pressure
  volume:=:148
  _FillValue:=:
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  Title:=:Pressure
  Units:=:hPa
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:Aura-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R2:190.B5F:CLO.S0.FB25-5 chisqBinned InitR2/Geolocation Fields/SolarZenithAngle
  volume:=:14213
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:SolarZenithAngle
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R2:190.B5F:CLO.S0.FB25-5 chisqBinned InitR2/Geolocation Fields/Time
  volume:=:19031
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:Time
  Units:=:s
  MissingValue:=:
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:Aura-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R2:190.B5F:CLO.S0.FB25-5 chisqBinned InitR2/nLevels
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
  REFERENCE_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R2:190.B5F:CLO.S0.FB25-5 chisqBinned InitR2/nTimes
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
  REFERENCE_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R2:190.B5F:CLO.S0.FB25-5 chisqBinned InitR2/nTimesTotal
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R2:190.B5F:CLO.S0.FB25-5 chisqBinned InitUTH/Data Fields/Convergence
  volume:=:427
  Units:=:NoUnits
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:R2:190.B5F:CLO.S0.FB25-5 chisqBinned InitUTHConvergence
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R2:190.B5F:CLO.S0.FB25-5 chisqBinned InitUTH/Data Fields/L2gpPrecision
  volume:=:290909
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:R2:190.B5F:CLO.S0.FB25-5 chisqBinned InitUTHPrecision
  Units:=:vmr
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R2:190.B5F:CLO.S0.FB25-5 chisqBinned InitUTH/Data Fields/L2gpValue
  volume:=:289292
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:R2:190.B5F:CLO.S0.FB25-5 chisqBinned InitUTH
  Units:=:vmr
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R2:190.B5F:CLO.S0.FB25-5 chisqBinned InitUTH/Data Fields/Quality
  volume:=:427
  _FillValue:=:
  Units:=:NoUnits
  Title:=:R2:190.B5F:CLO.S0.FB25-5 chisqBinned InitUTHQuality
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R2:190.B5F:CLO.S0.FB25-5 chisqBinned InitUTH/Data Fields/Status
  volume:=:426
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:R2:190.B5F:CLO.S0.FB25-5 chisqBinned InitUTHStatus
  Units:=:NoUnits
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R2:190.B5F:CLO.S0.FB25-5 chisqBinned InitUTH/Geolocation Fields/ChunkNumber
  volume:=:1852
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:ChunkNumber
  Units:=:NoUnits
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R2:190.B5F:CLO.S0.FB25-5 chisqBinned InitUTH/Geolocation Fields/Latitude
  volume:=:14322
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
  Title:=:Latitude
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R2:190.B5F:CLO.S0.FB25-5 chisqBinned InitUTH/Geolocation Fields/LineOfSightAngle
  volume:=:13010
  Units:=:deg
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:LineOfSightAngle
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R2:190.B5F:CLO.S0.FB25-5 chisqBinned InitUTH/Geolocation Fields/LocalSolarTime
  volume:=:14074
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:LocalSolarTime
  Units:=:h
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R2:190.B5F:CLO.S0.FB25-5 chisqBinned InitUTH/Geolocation Fields/Longitude
  volume:=:14269
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:Longitude
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R2:190.B5F:CLO.S0.FB25-5 chisqBinned InitUTH/Geolocation Fields/OrbitGeodeticAngle
  volume:=:5868
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:OrbitGeodeticAngle
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R2:190.B5F:CLO.S0.FB25-5 chisqBinned InitUTH/Geolocation Fields/Pressure
  volume:=:148
  _FillValue:=:
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  Title:=:Pressure
  Units:=:hPa
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:Aura-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R2:190.B5F:CLO.S0.FB25-5 chisqBinned InitUTH/Geolocation Fields/SolarZenithAngle
  volume:=:14213
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:SolarZenithAngle
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R2:190.B5F:CLO.S0.FB25-5 chisqBinned InitUTH/Geolocation Fields/Time
  volume:=:19031
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:Time
  Units:=:s
  MissingValue:=:
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:Aura-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R2:190.B5F:CLO.S0.FB25-5 chisqBinned InitUTH/nLevels
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
  REFERENCE_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R2:190.B5F:CLO.S0.FB25-5 chisqBinned InitUTH/nTimes
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
  REFERENCE_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R2:190.B5F:CLO.S0.FB25-5 chisqBinned InitUTH/nTimesTotal
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R2:190.B5F:CLO.S0.FB25-5 noRadsBinned CorePlusR2/Data Fields/Convergence
  volume:=:427
  Units:=:NoUnits
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:R2:190.B5F:CLO.S0.FB25-5 noRadsBinned CorePlusR2Convergence
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R2:190.B5F:CLO.S0.FB25-5 noRadsBinned CorePlusR2/Data Fields/L2gpPrecision
  volume:=:3020
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:R2:190.B5F:CLO.S0.FB25-5 noRadsBinned CorePlusR2Precision
  Units:=:vmr
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R2:190.B5F:CLO.S0.FB25-5 noRadsBinned CorePlusR2/Data Fields/L2gpValue
  volume:=:46622
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:R2:190.B5F:CLO.S0.FB25-5 noRadsBinned CorePlusR2
  Units:=:vmr
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R2:190.B5F:CLO.S0.FB25-5 noRadsBinned CorePlusR2/Data Fields/Quality
  volume:=:427
  Units:=:NoUnits
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:R2:190.B5F:CLO.S0.FB25-5 noRadsBinned CorePlusR2Quality
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R2:190.B5F:CLO.S0.FB25-5 noRadsBinned CorePlusR2/Data Fields/Status
  volume:=:426
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:R2:190.B5F:CLO.S0.FB25-5 noRadsBinned CorePlusR2Status
  Units:=:NoUnits
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R2:190.B5F:CLO.S0.FB25-5 noRadsBinned CorePlusR2/Geolocation Fields/ChunkNumber
  volume:=:1852
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:ChunkNumber
  Units:=:NoUnits
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R2:190.B5F:CLO.S0.FB25-5 noRadsBinned CorePlusR2/Geolocation Fields/Latitude
  volume:=:14322
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
  Title:=:Latitude
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R2:190.B5F:CLO.S0.FB25-5 noRadsBinned CorePlusR2/Geolocation Fields/LineOfSightAngle
  volume:=:13010
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:LineOfSightAngle
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R2:190.B5F:CLO.S0.FB25-5 noRadsBinned CorePlusR2/Geolocation Fields/LocalSolarTime
  volume:=:14074
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:LocalSolarTime
  Units:=:h
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R2:190.B5F:CLO.S0.FB25-5 noRadsBinned CorePlusR2/Geolocation Fields/Longitude
  volume:=:14269
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:Longitude
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R2:190.B5F:CLO.S0.FB25-5 noRadsBinned CorePlusR2/Geolocation Fields/OrbitGeodeticAngle
  volume:=:5868
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:OrbitGeodeticAngle
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R2:190.B5F:CLO.S0.FB25-5 noRadsBinned CorePlusR2/Geolocation Fields/Pressure
  volume:=:148
  _FillValue:=:
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  Title:=:Pressure
  Units:=:hPa
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:Aura-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R2:190.B5F:CLO.S0.FB25-5 noRadsBinned CorePlusR2/Geolocation Fields/SolarZenithAngle
  volume:=:14213
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:SolarZenithAngle
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R2:190.B5F:CLO.S0.FB25-5 noRadsBinned CorePlusR2/Geolocation Fields/Time
  volume:=:19031
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:Time
  Units:=:s
  MissingValue:=:
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:Aura-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R2:190.B5F:CLO.S0.FB25-5 noRadsBinned CorePlusR2/nLevels
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
  REFERENCE_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R2:190.B5F:CLO.S0.FB25-5 noRadsBinned CorePlusR2/nTimes
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
  REFERENCE_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R2:190.B5F:CLO.S0.FB25-5 noRadsBinned CorePlusR2/nTimesTotal
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R2:190.B5F:CLO.S0.FB25-5 noRadsBinned InitR2/Data Fields/Convergence
  volume:=:427
  Units:=:NoUnits
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:R2:190.B5F:CLO.S0.FB25-5 noRadsBinned InitR2Convergence
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R2:190.B5F:CLO.S0.FB25-5 noRadsBinned InitR2/Data Fields/L2gpPrecision
  volume:=:3020
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:R2:190.B5F:CLO.S0.FB25-5 noRadsBinned InitR2Precision
  Units:=:vmr
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R2:190.B5F:CLO.S0.FB25-5 noRadsBinned InitR2/Data Fields/L2gpValue
  volume:=:37851
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:R2:190.B5F:CLO.S0.FB25-5 noRadsBinned InitR2
  Units:=:vmr
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R2:190.B5F:CLO.S0.FB25-5 noRadsBinned InitR2/Data Fields/Quality
  volume:=:427
  _FillValue:=:
  Units:=:NoUnits
  Title:=:R2:190.B5F:CLO.S0.FB25-5 noRadsBinned InitR2Quality
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R2:190.B5F:CLO.S0.FB25-5 noRadsBinned InitR2/Data Fields/Status
  volume:=:426
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:R2:190.B5F:CLO.S0.FB25-5 noRadsBinned InitR2Status
  Units:=:NoUnits
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R2:190.B5F:CLO.S0.FB25-5 noRadsBinned InitR2/Geolocation Fields/ChunkNumber
  volume:=:1852
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:ChunkNumber
  Units:=:NoUnits
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R2:190.B5F:CLO.S0.FB25-5 noRadsBinned InitR2/Geolocation Fields/Latitude
  volume:=:14322
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
  Title:=:Latitude
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R2:190.B5F:CLO.S0.FB25-5 noRadsBinned InitR2/Geolocation Fields/LineOfSightAngle
  volume:=:13010
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:LineOfSightAngle
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R2:190.B5F:CLO.S0.FB25-5 noRadsBinned InitR2/Geolocation Fields/LocalSolarTime
  volume:=:14074
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:LocalSolarTime
  Units:=:h
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R2:190.B5F:CLO.S0.FB25-5 noRadsBinned InitR2/Geolocation Fields/Longitude
  volume:=:14269
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:Longitude
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R2:190.B5F:CLO.S0.FB25-5 noRadsBinned InitR2/Geolocation Fields/OrbitGeodeticAngle
  volume:=:5868
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:OrbitGeodeticAngle
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R2:190.B5F:CLO.S0.FB25-5 noRadsBinned InitR2/Geolocation Fields/Pressure
  volume:=:148
  _FillValue:=:
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  Title:=:Pressure
  Units:=:hPa
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:Aura-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R2:190.B5F:CLO.S0.FB25-5 noRadsBinned InitR2/Geolocation Fields/SolarZenithAngle
  volume:=:14213
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:SolarZenithAngle
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R2:190.B5F:CLO.S0.FB25-5 noRadsBinned InitR2/Geolocation Fields/Time
  volume:=:19031
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:Time
  Units:=:s
  MissingValue:=:
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:Aura-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R2:190.B5F:CLO.S0.FB25-5 noRadsBinned InitR2/nLevels
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
  REFERENCE_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R2:190.B5F:CLO.S0.FB25-5 noRadsBinned InitR2/nTimes
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
  REFERENCE_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R2:190.B5F:CLO.S0.FB25-5 noRadsBinned InitR2/nTimesTotal
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R2:190.B5F:CLO.S0.FB25-5 noRadsBinned InitUTH/Data Fields/Convergence
  volume:=:427
  Units:=:NoUnits
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:R2:190.B5F:CLO.S0.FB25-5 noRadsBinned InitUTHConvergence
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R2:190.B5F:CLO.S0.FB25-5 noRadsBinned InitUTH/Data Fields/L2gpPrecision
  volume:=:3020
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:R2:190.B5F:CLO.S0.FB25-5 noRadsBinned InitUTHPrecision
  Units:=:vmr
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R2:190.B5F:CLO.S0.FB25-5 noRadsBinned InitUTH/Data Fields/L2gpValue
  volume:=:57485
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:R2:190.B5F:CLO.S0.FB25-5 noRadsBinned InitUTH
  Units:=:vmr
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R2:190.B5F:CLO.S0.FB25-5 noRadsBinned InitUTH/Data Fields/Quality
  volume:=:427
  Units:=:NoUnits
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:R2:190.B5F:CLO.S0.FB25-5 noRadsBinned InitUTHQuality
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R2:190.B5F:CLO.S0.FB25-5 noRadsBinned InitUTH/Data Fields/Status
  volume:=:426
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:R2:190.B5F:CLO.S0.FB25-5 noRadsBinned InitUTHStatus
  Units:=:NoUnits
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R2:190.B5F:CLO.S0.FB25-5 noRadsBinned InitUTH/Geolocation Fields/ChunkNumber
  volume:=:1852
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:ChunkNumber
  Units:=:NoUnits
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R2:190.B5F:CLO.S0.FB25-5 noRadsBinned InitUTH/Geolocation Fields/Latitude
  volume:=:14322
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
  Title:=:Latitude
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R2:190.B5F:CLO.S0.FB25-5 noRadsBinned InitUTH/Geolocation Fields/LineOfSightAngle
  volume:=:13010
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:LineOfSightAngle
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R2:190.B5F:CLO.S0.FB25-5 noRadsBinned InitUTH/Geolocation Fields/LocalSolarTime
  volume:=:14074
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:LocalSolarTime
  Units:=:h
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R2:190.B5F:CLO.S0.FB25-5 noRadsBinned InitUTH/Geolocation Fields/Longitude
  volume:=:14269
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:Longitude
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R2:190.B5F:CLO.S0.FB25-5 noRadsBinned InitUTH/Geolocation Fields/OrbitGeodeticAngle
  volume:=:5868
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:OrbitGeodeticAngle
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R2:190.B5F:CLO.S0.FB25-5 noRadsBinned InitUTH/Geolocation Fields/Pressure
  volume:=:148
  _FillValue:=:
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  Title:=:Pressure
  Units:=:hPa
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:Aura-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R2:190.B5F:CLO.S0.FB25-5 noRadsBinned InitUTH/Geolocation Fields/SolarZenithAngle
  volume:=:14213
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:SolarZenithAngle
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R2:190.B5F:CLO.S0.FB25-5 noRadsBinned InitUTH/Geolocation Fields/Time
  volume:=:19031
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:Time
  Units:=:s
  MissingValue:=:
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:Aura-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R2:190.B5F:CLO.S0.FB25-5 noRadsBinned InitUTH/nLevels
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
  REFERENCE_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R2:190.B5F:CLO.S0.FB25-5 noRadsBinned InitUTH/nTimes
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
  REFERENCE_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R2:190.B5F:CLO.S0.FB25-5 noRadsBinned InitUTH/nTimesTotal
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R2:190.B5F:CLO.S0.FB25-5.C1 cloudMax/Data Fields/Convergence
  volume:=:427
  Units:=:NoUnits
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:R2:190.B5F:CLO.S0.FB25-5.C1 cloudMaxConvergence
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R2:190.B5F:CLO.S0.FB25-5.C1 cloudMax/Data Fields/L2gpPrecision
  volume:=:3020
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:R2:190.B5F:CLO.S0.FB25-5.C1 cloudMaxPrecision
  Units:=:vmr
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R2:190.B5F:CLO.S0.FB25-5.C1 cloudMax/Data Fields/L2gpValue
  volume:=:3020
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:R2:190.B5F:CLO.S0.FB25-5.C1 cloudMax
  Units:=:vmr
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R2:190.B5F:CLO.S0.FB25-5.C1 cloudMax/Data Fields/Quality
  volume:=:427
  Units:=:NoUnits
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:R2:190.B5F:CLO.S0.FB25-5.C1 cloudMaxQuality
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R2:190.B5F:CLO.S0.FB25-5.C1 cloudMax/Data Fields/Status
  volume:=:426
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:R2:190.B5F:CLO.S0.FB25-5.C1 cloudMaxStatus
  Units:=:NoUnits
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R2:190.B5F:CLO.S0.FB25-5.C1 cloudMax/Geolocation Fields/ChunkNumber
  volume:=:1852
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:ChunkNumber
  Units:=:NoUnits
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R2:190.B5F:CLO.S0.FB25-5.C1 cloudMax/Geolocation Fields/Latitude
  volume:=:14322
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
  Title:=:Latitude
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R2:190.B5F:CLO.S0.FB25-5.C1 cloudMax/Geolocation Fields/LineOfSightAngle
  volume:=:13010
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:LineOfSightAngle
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R2:190.B5F:CLO.S0.FB25-5.C1 cloudMax/Geolocation Fields/LocalSolarTime
  volume:=:14074
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:LocalSolarTime
  Units:=:h
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R2:190.B5F:CLO.S0.FB25-5.C1 cloudMax/Geolocation Fields/Longitude
  volume:=:14269
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:Longitude
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R2:190.B5F:CLO.S0.FB25-5.C1 cloudMax/Geolocation Fields/OrbitGeodeticAngle
  volume:=:5868
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:OrbitGeodeticAngle
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R2:190.B5F:CLO.S0.FB25-5.C1 cloudMax/Geolocation Fields/Pressure
  volume:=:148
  _FillValue:=:
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  Title:=:Pressure
  Units:=:hPa
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:Aura-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R2:190.B5F:CLO.S0.FB25-5.C1 cloudMax/Geolocation Fields/SolarZenithAngle
  volume:=:14213
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:SolarZenithAngle
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R2:190.B5F:CLO.S0.FB25-5.C1 cloudMax/Geolocation Fields/Time
  volume:=:19031
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:Time
  Units:=:s
  MissingValue:=:
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:Aura-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R2:190.B5F:CLO.S0.FB25-5.C1 cloudMax/nLevels
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
  REFERENCE_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R2:190.B5F:CLO.S0.FB25-5.C1 cloudMax/nTimes
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
  REFERENCE_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R2:190.B5F:CLO.S0.FB25-5.C1 cloudMax/nTimesTotal
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R2:190.B5F:CLO.S0.FB25-5.C1 cloudMin/Data Fields/Convergence
  volume:=:427
  Units:=:NoUnits
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:R2:190.B5F:CLO.S0.FB25-5.C1 cloudMinConvergence
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R2:190.B5F:CLO.S0.FB25-5.C1 cloudMin/Data Fields/L2gpPrecision
  volume:=:3020
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:R2:190.B5F:CLO.S0.FB25-5.C1 cloudMinPrecision
  Units:=:vmr
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R2:190.B5F:CLO.S0.FB25-5.C1 cloudMin/Data Fields/L2gpValue
  volume:=:3020
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:R2:190.B5F:CLO.S0.FB25-5.C1 cloudMin
  Units:=:vmr
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R2:190.B5F:CLO.S0.FB25-5.C1 cloudMin/Data Fields/Quality
  volume:=:427
  Units:=:NoUnits
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:R2:190.B5F:CLO.S0.FB25-5.C1 cloudMinQuality
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R2:190.B5F:CLO.S0.FB25-5.C1 cloudMin/Data Fields/Status
  volume:=:426
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:R2:190.B5F:CLO.S0.FB25-5.C1 cloudMinStatus
  Units:=:NoUnits
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R2:190.B5F:CLO.S0.FB25-5.C1 cloudMin/Geolocation Fields/ChunkNumber
  volume:=:1852
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:ChunkNumber
  Units:=:NoUnits
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R2:190.B5F:CLO.S0.FB25-5.C1 cloudMin/Geolocation Fields/Latitude
  volume:=:14322
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
  Title:=:Latitude
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R2:190.B5F:CLO.S0.FB25-5.C1 cloudMin/Geolocation Fields/LineOfSightAngle
  volume:=:13010
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:LineOfSightAngle
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R2:190.B5F:CLO.S0.FB25-5.C1 cloudMin/Geolocation Fields/LocalSolarTime
  volume:=:14074
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:LocalSolarTime
  Units:=:h
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R2:190.B5F:CLO.S0.FB25-5.C1 cloudMin/Geolocation Fields/Longitude
  volume:=:14269
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:Longitude
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R2:190.B5F:CLO.S0.FB25-5.C1 cloudMin/Geolocation Fields/OrbitGeodeticAngle
  volume:=:5868
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:OrbitGeodeticAngle
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R2:190.B5F:CLO.S0.FB25-5.C1 cloudMin/Geolocation Fields/Pressure
  volume:=:148
  _FillValue:=:
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  Title:=:Pressure
  Units:=:hPa
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:Aura-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R2:190.B5F:CLO.S0.FB25-5.C1 cloudMin/Geolocation Fields/SolarZenithAngle
  volume:=:14213
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:SolarZenithAngle
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R2:190.B5F:CLO.S0.FB25-5.C1 cloudMin/Geolocation Fields/Time
  volume:=:19031
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:Time
  Units:=:s
  MissingValue:=:
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:Aura-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R2:190.B5F:CLO.S0.FB25-5.C1 cloudMin/nLevels
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
  REFERENCE_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R2:190.B5F:CLO.S0.FB25-5.C1 cloudMin/nTimes
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
  REFERENCE_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R2:190.B5F:CLO.S0.FB25-5.C1 cloudMin/nTimesTotal
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R2:190.B6F:O3.S0.FB25-6 chisqBinned CorePlusR2/Data Fields/Convergence
  volume:=:427
  Units:=:NoUnits
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:R2:190.B6F:O3.S0.FB25-6 chisqBinned CorePlusR2Convergence
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R2:190.B6F:O3.S0.FB25-6 chisqBinned CorePlusR2/Data Fields/L2gpPrecision
  volume:=:360808
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:R2:190.B6F:O3.S0.FB25-6 chisqBinned CorePlusR2Precision
  Units:=:vmr
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R2:190.B6F:O3.S0.FB25-6 chisqBinned CorePlusR2/Data Fields/L2gpValue
  volume:=:362713
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:R2:190.B6F:O3.S0.FB25-6 chisqBinned CorePlusR2
  Units:=:vmr
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R2:190.B6F:O3.S0.FB25-6 chisqBinned CorePlusR2/Data Fields/Quality
  volume:=:427
  Units:=:NoUnits
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:R2:190.B6F:O3.S0.FB25-6 chisqBinned CorePlusR2Quality
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R2:190.B6F:O3.S0.FB25-6 chisqBinned CorePlusR2/Data Fields/Status
  volume:=:426
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:R2:190.B6F:O3.S0.FB25-6 chisqBinned CorePlusR2Status
  Units:=:NoUnits
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R2:190.B6F:O3.S0.FB25-6 chisqBinned CorePlusR2/Geolocation Fields/ChunkNumber
  volume:=:1852
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:ChunkNumber
  Units:=:NoUnits
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R2:190.B6F:O3.S0.FB25-6 chisqBinned CorePlusR2/Geolocation Fields/Latitude
  volume:=:14322
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
  Title:=:Latitude
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R2:190.B6F:O3.S0.FB25-6 chisqBinned CorePlusR2/Geolocation Fields/LineOfSightAngle
  volume:=:13010
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:LineOfSightAngle
  Units:=:deg
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R2:190.B6F:O3.S0.FB25-6 chisqBinned CorePlusR2/Geolocation Fields/LocalSolarTime
  volume:=:14074
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:LocalSolarTime
  Units:=:h
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R2:190.B6F:O3.S0.FB25-6 chisqBinned CorePlusR2/Geolocation Fields/Longitude
  volume:=:14269
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:Longitude
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R2:190.B6F:O3.S0.FB25-6 chisqBinned CorePlusR2/Geolocation Fields/OrbitGeodeticAngle
  volume:=:5868
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:OrbitGeodeticAngle
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R2:190.B6F:O3.S0.FB25-6 chisqBinned CorePlusR2/Geolocation Fields/Pressure
  volume:=:148
  _FillValue:=:
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  Title:=:Pressure
  Units:=:hPa
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:Aura-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R2:190.B6F:O3.S0.FB25-6 chisqBinned CorePlusR2/Geolocation Fields/SolarZenithAngle
  volume:=:14213
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:SolarZenithAngle
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R2:190.B6F:O3.S0.FB25-6 chisqBinned CorePlusR2/Geolocation Fields/Time
  volume:=:19031
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:Time
  Units:=:s
  MissingValue:=:
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:Aura-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R2:190.B6F:O3.S0.FB25-6 chisqBinned CorePlusR2/nLevels
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
  REFERENCE_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R2:190.B6F:O3.S0.FB25-6 chisqBinned CorePlusR2/nTimes
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
  REFERENCE_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R2:190.B6F:O3.S0.FB25-6 chisqBinned CorePlusR2/nTimesTotal
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R2:190.B6F:O3.S0.FB25-6 chisqBinned InitR2/Data Fields/Convergence
  volume:=:427
  Units:=:NoUnits
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:R2:190.B6F:O3.S0.FB25-6 chisqBinned InitR2Convergence
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R2:190.B6F:O3.S0.FB25-6 chisqBinned InitR2/Data Fields/L2gpPrecision
  volume:=:302314
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:R2:190.B6F:O3.S0.FB25-6 chisqBinned InitR2Precision
  Units:=:vmr
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R2:190.B6F:O3.S0.FB25-6 chisqBinned InitR2/Data Fields/L2gpValue
  volume:=:300218
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:R2:190.B6F:O3.S0.FB25-6 chisqBinned InitR2
  Units:=:vmr
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R2:190.B6F:O3.S0.FB25-6 chisqBinned InitR2/Data Fields/Quality
  volume:=:427
  Units:=:NoUnits
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:R2:190.B6F:O3.S0.FB25-6 chisqBinned InitR2Quality
  MissingValue:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R2:190.B6F:O3.S0.FB25-6 chisqBinned InitR2/Data Fields/Status
  volume:=:426
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:R2:190.B6F:O3.S0.FB25-6 chisqBinned InitR2Status
  Units:=:NoUnits
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R2:190.B6F:O3.S0.FB25-6 chisqBinned InitR2/Geolocation Fields/ChunkNumber
  volume:=:1852
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:ChunkNumber
  Units:=:NoUnits
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R2:190.B6F:O3.S0.FB25-6 chisqBinned InitR2/Geolocation Fields/Latitude
  volume:=:14322
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
  Title:=:Latitude
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R2:190.B6F:O3.S0.FB25-6 chisqBinned InitR2/Geolocation Fields/LineOfSightAngle
  volume:=:13010
  Units:=:deg
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:LineOfSightAngle
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R2:190.B6F:O3.S0.FB25-6 chisqBinned InitR2/Geolocation Fields/LocalSolarTime
  volume:=:14074
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:LocalSolarTime
  Units:=:h
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R2:190.B6F:O3.S0.FB25-6 chisqBinned InitR2/Geolocation Fields/Longitude
  volume:=:14269
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:Longitude
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R2:190.B6F:O3.S0.FB25-6 chisqBinned InitR2/Geolocation Fields/OrbitGeodeticAngle
  volume:=:5868
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:OrbitGeodeticAngle
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R2:190.B6F:O3.S0.FB25-6 chisqBinned InitR2/Geolocation Fields/Pressure
  volume:=:148
  _FillValue:=:
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  Title:=:Pressure
  Units:=:hPa
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:Aura-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R2:190.B6F:O3.S0.FB25-6 chisqBinned InitR2/Geolocation Fields/SolarZenithAngle
  volume:=:14213
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:SolarZenithAngle
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R2:190.B6F:O3.S0.FB25-6 chisqBinned InitR2/Geolocation Fields/Time
  volume:=:19031
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:Time
  Units:=:s
  MissingValue:=:
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:Aura-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R2:190.B6F:O3.S0.FB25-6 chisqBinned InitR2/nLevels
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
  REFERENCE_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R2:190.B6F:O3.S0.FB25-6 chisqBinned InitR2/nTimes
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
  REFERENCE_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R2:190.B6F:O3.S0.FB25-6 chisqBinned InitR2/nTimesTotal
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R2:190.B6F:O3.S0.FB25-6 chisqBinned InitUTH/Data Fields/Convergence
  volume:=:427
  Units:=:NoUnits
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:R2:190.B6F:O3.S0.FB25-6 chisqBinned InitUTHConvergence
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R2:190.B6F:O3.S0.FB25-6 chisqBinned InitUTH/Data Fields/L2gpPrecision
  volume:=:292448
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:R2:190.B6F:O3.S0.FB25-6 chisqBinned InitUTHPrecision
  Units:=:vmr
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R2:190.B6F:O3.S0.FB25-6 chisqBinned InitUTH/Data Fields/L2gpValue
  volume:=:290723
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:R2:190.B6F:O3.S0.FB25-6 chisqBinned InitUTH
  Units:=:vmr
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R2:190.B6F:O3.S0.FB25-6 chisqBinned InitUTH/Data Fields/Quality
  volume:=:427
  _FillValue:=:
  Units:=:NoUnits
  Title:=:R2:190.B6F:O3.S0.FB25-6 chisqBinned InitUTHQuality
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R2:190.B6F:O3.S0.FB25-6 chisqBinned InitUTH/Data Fields/Status
  volume:=:426
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:R2:190.B6F:O3.S0.FB25-6 chisqBinned InitUTHStatus
  Units:=:NoUnits
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R2:190.B6F:O3.S0.FB25-6 chisqBinned InitUTH/Geolocation Fields/ChunkNumber
  volume:=:1852
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:ChunkNumber
  Units:=:NoUnits
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R2:190.B6F:O3.S0.FB25-6 chisqBinned InitUTH/Geolocation Fields/Latitude
  volume:=:14322
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
  Title:=:Latitude
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R2:190.B6F:O3.S0.FB25-6 chisqBinned InitUTH/Geolocation Fields/LineOfSightAngle
  volume:=:13010
  Units:=:deg
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:LineOfSightAngle
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R2:190.B6F:O3.S0.FB25-6 chisqBinned InitUTH/Geolocation Fields/LocalSolarTime
  volume:=:14074
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:LocalSolarTime
  Units:=:h
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R2:190.B6F:O3.S0.FB25-6 chisqBinned InitUTH/Geolocation Fields/Longitude
  volume:=:14269
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:Longitude
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R2:190.B6F:O3.S0.FB25-6 chisqBinned InitUTH/Geolocation Fields/OrbitGeodeticAngle
  volume:=:5868
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:OrbitGeodeticAngle
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R2:190.B6F:O3.S0.FB25-6 chisqBinned InitUTH/Geolocation Fields/Pressure
  volume:=:148
  _FillValue:=:
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  Title:=:Pressure
  Units:=:hPa
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:Aura-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R2:190.B6F:O3.S0.FB25-6 chisqBinned InitUTH/Geolocation Fields/SolarZenithAngle
  volume:=:14213
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:SolarZenithAngle
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R2:190.B6F:O3.S0.FB25-6 chisqBinned InitUTH/Geolocation Fields/Time
  volume:=:19031
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:Time
  Units:=:s
  MissingValue:=:
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:Aura-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R2:190.B6F:O3.S0.FB25-6 chisqBinned InitUTH/nLevels
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
  REFERENCE_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R2:190.B6F:O3.S0.FB25-6 chisqBinned InitUTH/nTimes
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
  REFERENCE_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R2:190.B6F:O3.S0.FB25-6 chisqBinned InitUTH/nTimesTotal
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R2:190.B6F:O3.S0.FB25-6 noRadsBinned CorePlusR2/Data Fields/Convergence
  volume:=:427
  Units:=:NoUnits
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:R2:190.B6F:O3.S0.FB25-6 noRadsBinned CorePlusR2Convergence
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R2:190.B6F:O3.S0.FB25-6 noRadsBinned CorePlusR2/Data Fields/L2gpPrecision
  volume:=:3020
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:R2:190.B6F:O3.S0.FB25-6 noRadsBinned CorePlusR2Precision
  Units:=:vmr
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R2:190.B6F:O3.S0.FB25-6 noRadsBinned CorePlusR2/Data Fields/L2gpValue
  volume:=:45098
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:R2:190.B6F:O3.S0.FB25-6 noRadsBinned CorePlusR2
  Units:=:vmr
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R2:190.B6F:O3.S0.FB25-6 noRadsBinned CorePlusR2/Data Fields/Quality
  volume:=:427
  Units:=:NoUnits
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:R2:190.B6F:O3.S0.FB25-6 noRadsBinned CorePlusR2Quality
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R2:190.B6F:O3.S0.FB25-6 noRadsBinned CorePlusR2/Data Fields/Status
  volume:=:426
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:R2:190.B6F:O3.S0.FB25-6 noRadsBinned CorePlusR2Status
  Units:=:NoUnits
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R2:190.B6F:O3.S0.FB25-6 noRadsBinned CorePlusR2/Geolocation Fields/ChunkNumber
  volume:=:1852
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:ChunkNumber
  Units:=:NoUnits
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R2:190.B6F:O3.S0.FB25-6 noRadsBinned CorePlusR2/Geolocation Fields/Latitude
  volume:=:14322
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
  Title:=:Latitude
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R2:190.B6F:O3.S0.FB25-6 noRadsBinned CorePlusR2/Geolocation Fields/LineOfSightAngle
  volume:=:13010
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:LineOfSightAngle
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R2:190.B6F:O3.S0.FB25-6 noRadsBinned CorePlusR2/Geolocation Fields/LocalSolarTime
  volume:=:14074
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:LocalSolarTime
  Units:=:h
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R2:190.B6F:O3.S0.FB25-6 noRadsBinned CorePlusR2/Geolocation Fields/Longitude
  volume:=:14269
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:Longitude
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R2:190.B6F:O3.S0.FB25-6 noRadsBinned CorePlusR2/Geolocation Fields/OrbitGeodeticAngle
  volume:=:5868
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:OrbitGeodeticAngle
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R2:190.B6F:O3.S0.FB25-6 noRadsBinned CorePlusR2/Geolocation Fields/Pressure
  volume:=:148
  _FillValue:=:
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  Title:=:Pressure
  Units:=:hPa
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:Aura-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R2:190.B6F:O3.S0.FB25-6 noRadsBinned CorePlusR2/Geolocation Fields/SolarZenithAngle
  volume:=:14213
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:SolarZenithAngle
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R2:190.B6F:O3.S0.FB25-6 noRadsBinned CorePlusR2/Geolocation Fields/Time
  volume:=:19031
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:Time
  Units:=:s
  MissingValue:=:
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:Aura-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R2:190.B6F:O3.S0.FB25-6 noRadsBinned CorePlusR2/nLevels
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
  REFERENCE_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R2:190.B6F:O3.S0.FB25-6 noRadsBinned CorePlusR2/nTimes
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
  REFERENCE_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R2:190.B6F:O3.S0.FB25-6 noRadsBinned CorePlusR2/nTimesTotal
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R2:190.B6F:O3.S0.FB25-6 noRadsBinned InitR2/Data Fields/Convergence
  volume:=:427
  Units:=:NoUnits
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:R2:190.B6F:O3.S0.FB25-6 noRadsBinned InitR2Convergence
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R2:190.B6F:O3.S0.FB25-6 noRadsBinned InitR2/Data Fields/L2gpPrecision
  volume:=:3020
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:R2:190.B6F:O3.S0.FB25-6 noRadsBinned InitR2Precision
  Units:=:vmr
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R2:190.B6F:O3.S0.FB25-6 noRadsBinned InitR2/Data Fields/L2gpValue
  volume:=:36821
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:R2:190.B6F:O3.S0.FB25-6 noRadsBinned InitR2
  Units:=:vmr
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R2:190.B6F:O3.S0.FB25-6 noRadsBinned InitR2/Data Fields/Quality
  volume:=:427
  Units:=:NoUnits
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:R2:190.B6F:O3.S0.FB25-6 noRadsBinned InitR2Quality
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R2:190.B6F:O3.S0.FB25-6 noRadsBinned InitR2/Data Fields/Status
  volume:=:426
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:R2:190.B6F:O3.S0.FB25-6 noRadsBinned InitR2Status
  Units:=:NoUnits
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R2:190.B6F:O3.S0.FB25-6 noRadsBinned InitR2/Geolocation Fields/ChunkNumber
  volume:=:1852
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:ChunkNumber
  Units:=:NoUnits
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R2:190.B6F:O3.S0.FB25-6 noRadsBinned InitR2/Geolocation Fields/Latitude
  volume:=:14322
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
  Title:=:Latitude
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R2:190.B6F:O3.S0.FB25-6 noRadsBinned InitR2/Geolocation Fields/LineOfSightAngle
  volume:=:13010
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:LineOfSightAngle
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R2:190.B6F:O3.S0.FB25-6 noRadsBinned InitR2/Geolocation Fields/LocalSolarTime
  volume:=:14074
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:LocalSolarTime
  Units:=:h
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R2:190.B6F:O3.S0.FB25-6 noRadsBinned InitR2/Geolocation Fields/Longitude
  volume:=:14269
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:Longitude
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R2:190.B6F:O3.S0.FB25-6 noRadsBinned InitR2/Geolocation Fields/OrbitGeodeticAngle
  volume:=:5868
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:OrbitGeodeticAngle
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R2:190.B6F:O3.S0.FB25-6 noRadsBinned InitR2/Geolocation Fields/Pressure
  volume:=:148
  _FillValue:=:
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  Title:=:Pressure
  Units:=:hPa
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:Aura-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R2:190.B6F:O3.S0.FB25-6 noRadsBinned InitR2/Geolocation Fields/SolarZenithAngle
  volume:=:14213
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:SolarZenithAngle
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R2:190.B6F:O3.S0.FB25-6 noRadsBinned InitR2/Geolocation Fields/Time
  volume:=:19031
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:Time
  Units:=:s
  MissingValue:=:
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:Aura-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R2:190.B6F:O3.S0.FB25-6 noRadsBinned InitR2/nLevels
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
  REFERENCE_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R2:190.B6F:O3.S0.FB25-6 noRadsBinned InitR2/nTimes
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
  REFERENCE_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R2:190.B6F:O3.S0.FB25-6 noRadsBinned InitR2/nTimesTotal
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R2:190.B6F:O3.S0.FB25-6 noRadsBinned InitUTH/Data Fields/Convergence
  volume:=:427
  Units:=:NoUnits
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:R2:190.B6F:O3.S0.FB25-6 noRadsBinned InitUTHConvergence
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R2:190.B6F:O3.S0.FB25-6 noRadsBinned InitUTH/Data Fields/L2gpPrecision
  volume:=:3020
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:R2:190.B6F:O3.S0.FB25-6 noRadsBinned InitUTHPrecision
  Units:=:vmr
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R2:190.B6F:O3.S0.FB25-6 noRadsBinned InitUTH/Data Fields/L2gpValue
  volume:=:47453
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:R2:190.B6F:O3.S0.FB25-6 noRadsBinned InitUTH
  Units:=:vmr
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R2:190.B6F:O3.S0.FB25-6 noRadsBinned InitUTH/Data Fields/Quality
  volume:=:427
  Units:=:NoUnits
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:R2:190.B6F:O3.S0.FB25-6 noRadsBinned InitUTHQuality
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R2:190.B6F:O3.S0.FB25-6 noRadsBinned InitUTH/Data Fields/Status
  volume:=:426
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:R2:190.B6F:O3.S0.FB25-6 noRadsBinned InitUTHStatus
  Units:=:NoUnits
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R2:190.B6F:O3.S0.FB25-6 noRadsBinned InitUTH/Geolocation Fields/ChunkNumber
  volume:=:1852
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:ChunkNumber
  Units:=:NoUnits
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R2:190.B6F:O3.S0.FB25-6 noRadsBinned InitUTH/Geolocation Fields/Latitude
  volume:=:14322
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
  Title:=:Latitude
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R2:190.B6F:O3.S0.FB25-6 noRadsBinned InitUTH/Geolocation Fields/LineOfSightAngle
  volume:=:13010
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:LineOfSightAngle
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R2:190.B6F:O3.S0.FB25-6 noRadsBinned InitUTH/Geolocation Fields/LocalSolarTime
  volume:=:14074
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:LocalSolarTime
  Units:=:h
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R2:190.B6F:O3.S0.FB25-6 noRadsBinned InitUTH/Geolocation Fields/Longitude
  volume:=:14269
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:Longitude
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R2:190.B6F:O3.S0.FB25-6 noRadsBinned InitUTH/Geolocation Fields/OrbitGeodeticAngle
  volume:=:5868
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:OrbitGeodeticAngle
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R2:190.B6F:O3.S0.FB25-6 noRadsBinned InitUTH/Geolocation Fields/Pressure
  volume:=:148
  _FillValue:=:
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  Title:=:Pressure
  Units:=:hPa
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:Aura-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R2:190.B6F:O3.S0.FB25-6 noRadsBinned InitUTH/Geolocation Fields/SolarZenithAngle
  volume:=:14213
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:SolarZenithAngle
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R2:190.B6F:O3.S0.FB25-6 noRadsBinned InitUTH/Geolocation Fields/Time
  volume:=:19031
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:Time
  Units:=:s
  MissingValue:=:
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:Aura-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R2:190.B6F:O3.S0.FB25-6 noRadsBinned InitUTH/nLevels
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
  REFERENCE_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R2:190.B6F:O3.S0.FB25-6 noRadsBinned InitUTH/nTimes
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
  REFERENCE_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R2:190.B6F:O3.S0.FB25-6 noRadsBinned InitUTH/nTimesTotal
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R3:240.B24D:O3.S0.DACS-3 chisqBinned CorePlusR3/Data Fields/Convergence
  volume:=:427
  Units:=:NoUnits
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:R3:240.B24D:O3.S0.DACS-3 chisqBinned CorePlusR3Convergence
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R3:240.B24D:O3.S0.DACS-3 chisqBinned CorePlusR3/Data Fields/L2gpPrecision
  volume:=:163500
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:R3:240.B24D:O3.S0.DACS-3 chisqBinned CorePlusR3Precision
  Units:=:vmr
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R3:240.B24D:O3.S0.DACS-3 chisqBinned CorePlusR3/Data Fields/L2gpValue
  volume:=:163182
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:R3:240.B24D:O3.S0.DACS-3 chisqBinned CorePlusR3
  Units:=:vmr
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R3:240.B24D:O3.S0.DACS-3 chisqBinned CorePlusR3/Data Fields/Quality
  volume:=:427
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:R3:240.B24D:O3.S0.DACS-3 chisqBinned CorePlusR3Quality
  Units:=:NoUnits
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R3:240.B24D:O3.S0.DACS-3 chisqBinned CorePlusR3/Data Fields/Status
  volume:=:426
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:R3:240.B24D:O3.S0.DACS-3 chisqBinned CorePlusR3Status
  Units:=:NoUnits
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R3:240.B24D:O3.S0.DACS-3 chisqBinned CorePlusR3/Geolocation Fields/ChunkNumber
  volume:=:1852
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:ChunkNumber
  Units:=:NoUnits
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R3:240.B24D:O3.S0.DACS-3 chisqBinned CorePlusR3/Geolocation Fields/Latitude
  volume:=:14322
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
  Title:=:Latitude
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R3:240.B24D:O3.S0.DACS-3 chisqBinned CorePlusR3/Geolocation Fields/LineOfSightAngle
  volume:=:13010
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:LineOfSightAngle
  Units:=:deg
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R3:240.B24D:O3.S0.DACS-3 chisqBinned CorePlusR3/Geolocation Fields/LocalSolarTime
  volume:=:14074
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:LocalSolarTime
  Units:=:h
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R3:240.B24D:O3.S0.DACS-3 chisqBinned CorePlusR3/Geolocation Fields/Longitude
  volume:=:14269
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:Longitude
  Units:=:deg
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R3:240.B24D:O3.S0.DACS-3 chisqBinned CorePlusR3/Geolocation Fields/OrbitGeodeticAngle
  volume:=:5868
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:OrbitGeodeticAngle
  Units:=:deg
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R3:240.B24D:O3.S0.DACS-3 chisqBinned CorePlusR3/Geolocation Fields/Pressure
  volume:=:148
  _FillValue:=:
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:Aura-Shared
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  Title:=:Pressure
  Units:=:hPa
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R3:240.B24D:O3.S0.DACS-3 chisqBinned CorePlusR3/Geolocation Fields/SolarZenithAngle
  volume:=:14213
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:SolarZenithAngle
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R3:240.B24D:O3.S0.DACS-3 chisqBinned CorePlusR3/Geolocation Fields/Time
  volume:=:19031
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:Time
  Units:=:s
  MissingValue:=:
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:Aura-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R3:240.B24D:O3.S0.DACS-3 chisqBinned CorePlusR3/nLevels
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
  REFERENCE_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R3:240.B24D:O3.S0.DACS-3 chisqBinned CorePlusR3/nTimes
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
  REFERENCE_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R3:240.B24D:O3.S0.DACS-3 chisqBinned CorePlusR3/nTimesTotal
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R3:240.B24D:O3.S0.DACS-3 noRadsBinned CorePlusR3/Data Fields/Convergence
  volume:=:427
  Units:=:NoUnits
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:R3:240.B24D:O3.S0.DACS-3 noRadsBinned CorePlusR3Convergence
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R3:240.B24D:O3.S0.DACS-3 noRadsBinned CorePlusR3/Data Fields/L2gpPrecision
  volume:=:3020
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:R3:240.B24D:O3.S0.DACS-3 noRadsBinned CorePlusR3Precision
  Units:=:vmr
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R3:240.B24D:O3.S0.DACS-3 noRadsBinned CorePlusR3/Data Fields/L2gpValue
  volume:=:39988
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:R3:240.B24D:O3.S0.DACS-3 noRadsBinned CorePlusR3
  Units:=:vmr
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R3:240.B24D:O3.S0.DACS-3 noRadsBinned CorePlusR3/Data Fields/Quality
  volume:=:427
  Units:=:NoUnits
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:R3:240.B24D:O3.S0.DACS-3 noRadsBinned CorePlusR3Quality
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R3:240.B24D:O3.S0.DACS-3 noRadsBinned CorePlusR3/Data Fields/Status
  volume:=:426
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:R3:240.B24D:O3.S0.DACS-3 noRadsBinned CorePlusR3Status
  Units:=:NoUnits
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R3:240.B24D:O3.S0.DACS-3 noRadsBinned CorePlusR3/Geolocation Fields/ChunkNumber
  volume:=:1852
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:ChunkNumber
  Units:=:NoUnits
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R3:240.B24D:O3.S0.DACS-3 noRadsBinned CorePlusR3/Geolocation Fields/Latitude
  volume:=:14322
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
  Title:=:Latitude
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R3:240.B24D:O3.S0.DACS-3 noRadsBinned CorePlusR3/Geolocation Fields/LineOfSightAngle
  volume:=:13010
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:LineOfSightAngle
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R3:240.B24D:O3.S0.DACS-3 noRadsBinned CorePlusR3/Geolocation Fields/LocalSolarTime
  volume:=:14074
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:LocalSolarTime
  Units:=:h
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R3:240.B24D:O3.S0.DACS-3 noRadsBinned CorePlusR3/Geolocation Fields/Longitude
  volume:=:14269
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:Longitude
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R3:240.B24D:O3.S0.DACS-3 noRadsBinned CorePlusR3/Geolocation Fields/OrbitGeodeticAngle
  volume:=:5868
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:OrbitGeodeticAngle
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R3:240.B24D:O3.S0.DACS-3 noRadsBinned CorePlusR3/Geolocation Fields/Pressure
  volume:=:148
  _FillValue:=:
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  Title:=:Pressure
  Units:=:hPa
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:Aura-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R3:240.B24D:O3.S0.DACS-3 noRadsBinned CorePlusR3/Geolocation Fields/SolarZenithAngle
  volume:=:14213
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:SolarZenithAngle
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R3:240.B24D:O3.S0.DACS-3 noRadsBinned CorePlusR3/Geolocation Fields/Time
  volume:=:19031
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:Time
  Units:=:s
  MissingValue:=:
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:Aura-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R3:240.B24D:O3.S0.DACS-3 noRadsBinned CorePlusR3/nLevels
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
  REFERENCE_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R3:240.B24D:O3.S0.DACS-3 noRadsBinned CorePlusR3/nTimes
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
  REFERENCE_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R3:240.B24D:O3.S0.DACS-3 noRadsBinned CorePlusR3/nTimesTotal
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R3:240.B25D:CO.S1.DACS-1 chisqBinned CorePlusR3/Data Fields/Convergence
  volume:=:427
  Units:=:NoUnits
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:R3:240.B25D:CO.S1.DACS-1 chisqBinned CorePlusR3Convergence
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R3:240.B25D:CO.S1.DACS-1 chisqBinned CorePlusR3/Data Fields/L2gpPrecision
  volume:=:163468
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:R3:240.B25D:CO.S1.DACS-1 chisqBinned CorePlusR3Precision
  Units:=:vmr
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R3:240.B25D:CO.S1.DACS-1 chisqBinned CorePlusR3/Data Fields/L2gpValue
  volume:=:163251
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:R3:240.B25D:CO.S1.DACS-1 chisqBinned CorePlusR3
  Units:=:vmr
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R3:240.B25D:CO.S1.DACS-1 chisqBinned CorePlusR3/Data Fields/Quality
  volume:=:427
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:R3:240.B25D:CO.S1.DACS-1 chisqBinned CorePlusR3Quality
  Units:=:NoUnits
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R3:240.B25D:CO.S1.DACS-1 chisqBinned CorePlusR3/Data Fields/Status
  volume:=:426
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:R3:240.B25D:CO.S1.DACS-1 chisqBinned CorePlusR3Status
  Units:=:NoUnits
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R3:240.B25D:CO.S1.DACS-1 chisqBinned CorePlusR3/Geolocation Fields/ChunkNumber
  volume:=:1852
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:ChunkNumber
  Units:=:NoUnits
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R3:240.B25D:CO.S1.DACS-1 chisqBinned CorePlusR3/Geolocation Fields/Latitude
  volume:=:14322
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
  Title:=:Latitude
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R3:240.B25D:CO.S1.DACS-1 chisqBinned CorePlusR3/Geolocation Fields/LineOfSightAngle
  volume:=:13010
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:LineOfSightAngle
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R3:240.B25D:CO.S1.DACS-1 chisqBinned CorePlusR3/Geolocation Fields/LocalSolarTime
  volume:=:14074
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:LocalSolarTime
  Units:=:h
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R3:240.B25D:CO.S1.DACS-1 chisqBinned CorePlusR3/Geolocation Fields/Longitude
  volume:=:14269
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:Longitude
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R3:240.B25D:CO.S1.DACS-1 chisqBinned CorePlusR3/Geolocation Fields/OrbitGeodeticAngle
  volume:=:5868
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:OrbitGeodeticAngle
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R3:240.B25D:CO.S1.DACS-1 chisqBinned CorePlusR3/Geolocation Fields/Pressure
  volume:=:148
  _FillValue:=:
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  Title:=:Pressure
  Units:=:hPa
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:Aura-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R3:240.B25D:CO.S1.DACS-1 chisqBinned CorePlusR3/Geolocation Fields/SolarZenithAngle
  volume:=:14213
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:SolarZenithAngle
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R3:240.B25D:CO.S1.DACS-1 chisqBinned CorePlusR3/Geolocation Fields/Time
  volume:=:19031
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:Time
  Units:=:s
  MissingValue:=:
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:Aura-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R3:240.B25D:CO.S1.DACS-1 chisqBinned CorePlusR3/nLevels
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
  REFERENCE_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R3:240.B25D:CO.S1.DACS-1 chisqBinned CorePlusR3/nTimes
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
  REFERENCE_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R3:240.B25D:CO.S1.DACS-1 chisqBinned CorePlusR3/nTimesTotal
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R3:240.B25D:CO.S1.DACS-1 noRadsBinned CorePlusR3/Data Fields/Convergence
  volume:=:427
  Units:=:NoUnits
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:R3:240.B25D:CO.S1.DACS-1 noRadsBinned CorePlusR3Convergence
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R3:240.B25D:CO.S1.DACS-1 noRadsBinned CorePlusR3/Data Fields/L2gpPrecision
  volume:=:3020
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:R3:240.B25D:CO.S1.DACS-1 noRadsBinned CorePlusR3Precision
  Units:=:vmr
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R3:240.B25D:CO.S1.DACS-1 noRadsBinned CorePlusR3/Data Fields/L2gpValue
  volume:=:23419
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:R3:240.B25D:CO.S1.DACS-1 noRadsBinned CorePlusR3
  Units:=:vmr
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R3:240.B25D:CO.S1.DACS-1 noRadsBinned CorePlusR3/Data Fields/Quality
  volume:=:427
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:R3:240.B25D:CO.S1.DACS-1 noRadsBinned CorePlusR3Quality
  Units:=:NoUnits
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R3:240.B25D:CO.S1.DACS-1 noRadsBinned CorePlusR3/Data Fields/Status
  volume:=:426
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:R3:240.B25D:CO.S1.DACS-1 noRadsBinned CorePlusR3Status
  Units:=:NoUnits
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R3:240.B25D:CO.S1.DACS-1 noRadsBinned CorePlusR3/Geolocation Fields/ChunkNumber
  volume:=:1852
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:ChunkNumber
  Units:=:NoUnits
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R3:240.B25D:CO.S1.DACS-1 noRadsBinned CorePlusR3/Geolocation Fields/Latitude
  volume:=:14322
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
  Title:=:Latitude
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R3:240.B25D:CO.S1.DACS-1 noRadsBinned CorePlusR3/Geolocation Fields/LineOfSightAngle
  volume:=:13010
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:LineOfSightAngle
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R3:240.B25D:CO.S1.DACS-1 noRadsBinned CorePlusR3/Geolocation Fields/LocalSolarTime
  volume:=:14074
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:LocalSolarTime
  Units:=:h
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R3:240.B25D:CO.S1.DACS-1 noRadsBinned CorePlusR3/Geolocation Fields/Longitude
  volume:=:14269
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:Longitude
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R3:240.B25D:CO.S1.DACS-1 noRadsBinned CorePlusR3/Geolocation Fields/OrbitGeodeticAngle
  volume:=:5868
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:OrbitGeodeticAngle
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R3:240.B25D:CO.S1.DACS-1 noRadsBinned CorePlusR3/Geolocation Fields/Pressure
  volume:=:148
  _FillValue:=:
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  Title:=:Pressure
  Units:=:hPa
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:Aura-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R3:240.B25D:CO.S1.DACS-1 noRadsBinned CorePlusR3/Geolocation Fields/SolarZenithAngle
  volume:=:14213
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:SolarZenithAngle
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R3:240.B25D:CO.S1.DACS-1 noRadsBinned CorePlusR3/Geolocation Fields/Time
  volume:=:19031
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:Time
  Units:=:s
  MissingValue:=:
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:Aura-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R3:240.B25D:CO.S1.DACS-1 noRadsBinned CorePlusR3/nLevels
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
  REFERENCE_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R3:240.B25D:CO.S1.DACS-1 noRadsBinned CorePlusR3/nTimes
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
  REFERENCE_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R3:240.B25D:CO.S1.DACS-1 noRadsBinned CorePlusR3/nTimesTotal
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R3:240.B33W:O3.S0.WF4-2 chisqBinned CorePlusR3/Data Fields/Convergence
  volume:=:427
  Units:=:NoUnits
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:R3:240.B33W:O3.S0.WF4-2 chisqBinned CorePlusR3Convergence
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R3:240.B33W:O3.S0.WF4-2 chisqBinned CorePlusR3/Data Fields/L2gpPrecision
  volume:=:373961
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:R3:240.B33W:O3.S0.WF4-2 chisqBinned CorePlusR3Precision
  Units:=:vmr
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R3:240.B33W:O3.S0.WF4-2 chisqBinned CorePlusR3/Data Fields/L2gpValue
  volume:=:374118
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:R3:240.B33W:O3.S0.WF4-2 chisqBinned CorePlusR3
  Units:=:vmr
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R3:240.B33W:O3.S0.WF4-2 chisqBinned CorePlusR3/Data Fields/Quality
  volume:=:427
  Units:=:NoUnits
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:R3:240.B33W:O3.S0.WF4-2 chisqBinned CorePlusR3Quality
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R3:240.B33W:O3.S0.WF4-2 chisqBinned CorePlusR3/Data Fields/Status
  volume:=:426
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:R3:240.B33W:O3.S0.WF4-2 chisqBinned CorePlusR3Status
  Units:=:NoUnits
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R3:240.B33W:O3.S0.WF4-2 chisqBinned CorePlusR3/Geolocation Fields/ChunkNumber
  volume:=:1852
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:ChunkNumber
  Units:=:NoUnits
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R3:240.B33W:O3.S0.WF4-2 chisqBinned CorePlusR3/Geolocation Fields/Latitude
  volume:=:14322
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
  Title:=:Latitude
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R3:240.B33W:O3.S0.WF4-2 chisqBinned CorePlusR3/Geolocation Fields/LineOfSightAngle
  volume:=:13010
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:LineOfSightAngle
  Units:=:deg
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R3:240.B33W:O3.S0.WF4-2 chisqBinned CorePlusR3/Geolocation Fields/LocalSolarTime
  volume:=:14074
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:LocalSolarTime
  Units:=:h
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R3:240.B33W:O3.S0.WF4-2 chisqBinned CorePlusR3/Geolocation Fields/Longitude
  volume:=:14269
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:Longitude
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R3:240.B33W:O3.S0.WF4-2 chisqBinned CorePlusR3/Geolocation Fields/OrbitGeodeticAngle
  volume:=:5868
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:OrbitGeodeticAngle
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R3:240.B33W:O3.S0.WF4-2 chisqBinned CorePlusR3/Geolocation Fields/Pressure
  volume:=:148
  _FillValue:=:
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  Title:=:Pressure
  Units:=:hPa
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:Aura-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R3:240.B33W:O3.S0.WF4-2 chisqBinned CorePlusR3/Geolocation Fields/SolarZenithAngle
  volume:=:14213
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:SolarZenithAngle
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R3:240.B33W:O3.S0.WF4-2 chisqBinned CorePlusR3/Geolocation Fields/Time
  volume:=:19031
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:Time
  Units:=:s
  MissingValue:=:
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:Aura-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R3:240.B33W:O3.S0.WF4-2 chisqBinned CorePlusR3/nLevels
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
  REFERENCE_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R3:240.B33W:O3.S0.WF4-2 chisqBinned CorePlusR3/nTimes
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
  REFERENCE_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R3:240.B33W:O3.S0.WF4-2 chisqBinned CorePlusR3/nTimesTotal
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R3:240.B33W:O3.S0.WF4-2 chisqBinned FinalExt/Data Fields/Convergence
  volume:=:427
  Units:=:NoUnits
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:R3:240.B33W:O3.S0.WF4-2 chisqBinned FinalExtConvergence
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R3:240.B33W:O3.S0.WF4-2 chisqBinned FinalExt/Data Fields/L2gpPrecision
  volume:=:331698
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:R3:240.B33W:O3.S0.WF4-2 chisqBinned FinalExtPrecision
  Units:=:vmr
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R3:240.B33W:O3.S0.WF4-2 chisqBinned FinalExt/Data Fields/L2gpValue
  volume:=:331866
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:R3:240.B33W:O3.S0.WF4-2 chisqBinned FinalExt
  Units:=:vmr
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R3:240.B33W:O3.S0.WF4-2 chisqBinned FinalExt/Data Fields/Quality
  volume:=:427
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:R3:240.B33W:O3.S0.WF4-2 chisqBinned FinalExtQuality
  Units:=:NoUnits
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R3:240.B33W:O3.S0.WF4-2 chisqBinned FinalExt/Data Fields/Status
  volume:=:426
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:R3:240.B33W:O3.S0.WF4-2 chisqBinned FinalExtStatus
  Units:=:NoUnits
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R3:240.B33W:O3.S0.WF4-2 chisqBinned FinalExt/Geolocation Fields/ChunkNumber
  volume:=:1852
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:ChunkNumber
  Units:=:NoUnits
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R3:240.B33W:O3.S0.WF4-2 chisqBinned FinalExt/Geolocation Fields/Latitude
  volume:=:14322
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
  Title:=:Latitude
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R3:240.B33W:O3.S0.WF4-2 chisqBinned FinalExt/Geolocation Fields/LineOfSightAngle
  volume:=:13010
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:LineOfSightAngle
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R3:240.B33W:O3.S0.WF4-2 chisqBinned FinalExt/Geolocation Fields/LocalSolarTime
  volume:=:14074
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:LocalSolarTime
  Units:=:h
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R3:240.B33W:O3.S0.WF4-2 chisqBinned FinalExt/Geolocation Fields/Longitude
  volume:=:14269
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:Longitude
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R3:240.B33W:O3.S0.WF4-2 chisqBinned FinalExt/Geolocation Fields/OrbitGeodeticAngle
  volume:=:5868
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:OrbitGeodeticAngle
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R3:240.B33W:O3.S0.WF4-2 chisqBinned FinalExt/Geolocation Fields/Pressure
  volume:=:148
  _FillValue:=:
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  Title:=:Pressure
  Units:=:hPa
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:Aura-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R3:240.B33W:O3.S0.WF4-2 chisqBinned FinalExt/Geolocation Fields/SolarZenithAngle
  volume:=:14213
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:SolarZenithAngle
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R3:240.B33W:O3.S0.WF4-2 chisqBinned FinalExt/Geolocation Fields/Time
  volume:=:19031
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:Time
  Units:=:s
  MissingValue:=:
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:Aura-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R3:240.B33W:O3.S0.WF4-2 chisqBinned FinalExt/nLevels
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
  REFERENCE_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R3:240.B33W:O3.S0.WF4-2 chisqBinned FinalExt/nTimes
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
  REFERENCE_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R3:240.B33W:O3.S0.WF4-2 chisqBinned FinalExt/nTimesTotal
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R3:240.B33W:O3.S0.WF4-2 chisqBinned FinalPtan/Data Fields/Convergence
  volume:=:427
  Units:=:NoUnits
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:R3:240.B33W:O3.S0.WF4-2 chisqBinned FinalPtanConvergence
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R3:240.B33W:O3.S0.WF4-2 chisqBinned FinalPtan/Data Fields/L2gpPrecision
  volume:=:332818
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:R3:240.B33W:O3.S0.WF4-2 chisqBinned FinalPtanPrecision
  Units:=:vmr
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R3:240.B33W:O3.S0.WF4-2 chisqBinned FinalPtan/Data Fields/L2gpValue
  volume:=:333025
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:R3:240.B33W:O3.S0.WF4-2 chisqBinned FinalPtan
  Units:=:vmr
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R3:240.B33W:O3.S0.WF4-2 chisqBinned FinalPtan/Data Fields/Quality
  volume:=:427
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:R3:240.B33W:O3.S0.WF4-2 chisqBinned FinalPtanQuality
  Units:=:NoUnits
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R3:240.B33W:O3.S0.WF4-2 chisqBinned FinalPtan/Data Fields/Status
  volume:=:426
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:R3:240.B33W:O3.S0.WF4-2 chisqBinned FinalPtanStatus
  Units:=:NoUnits
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R3:240.B33W:O3.S0.WF4-2 chisqBinned FinalPtan/Geolocation Fields/ChunkNumber
  volume:=:1852
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:ChunkNumber
  Units:=:NoUnits
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R3:240.B33W:O3.S0.WF4-2 chisqBinned FinalPtan/Geolocation Fields/Latitude
  volume:=:14322
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
  Title:=:Latitude
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R3:240.B33W:O3.S0.WF4-2 chisqBinned FinalPtan/Geolocation Fields/LineOfSightAngle
  volume:=:13010
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:LineOfSightAngle
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R3:240.B33W:O3.S0.WF4-2 chisqBinned FinalPtan/Geolocation Fields/LocalSolarTime
  volume:=:14074
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:LocalSolarTime
  Units:=:h
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R3:240.B33W:O3.S0.WF4-2 chisqBinned FinalPtan/Geolocation Fields/Longitude
  volume:=:14269
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:Longitude
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R3:240.B33W:O3.S0.WF4-2 chisqBinned FinalPtan/Geolocation Fields/OrbitGeodeticAngle
  volume:=:5868
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:OrbitGeodeticAngle
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R3:240.B33W:O3.S0.WF4-2 chisqBinned FinalPtan/Geolocation Fields/Pressure
  volume:=:148
  _FillValue:=:
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  Title:=:Pressure
  Units:=:hPa
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:Aura-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R3:240.B33W:O3.S0.WF4-2 chisqBinned FinalPtan/Geolocation Fields/SolarZenithAngle
  volume:=:14213
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:SolarZenithAngle
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R3:240.B33W:O3.S0.WF4-2 chisqBinned FinalPtan/Geolocation Fields/Time
  volume:=:19031
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:Time
  Units:=:s
  MissingValue:=:
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:Aura-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R3:240.B33W:O3.S0.WF4-2 chisqBinned FinalPtan/nLevels
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
  REFERENCE_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R3:240.B33W:O3.S0.WF4-2 chisqBinned FinalPtan/nTimes
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
  REFERENCE_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R3:240.B33W:O3.S0.WF4-2 chisqBinned FinalPtan/nTimesTotal
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R3:240.B33W:O3.S0.WF4-2 chisqBinned R3InitRHi/Data Fields/Convergence
  volume:=:427
  Units:=:NoUnits
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:R3:240.B33W:O3.S0.WF4-2 chisqBinned R3InitRHiConvergence
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R3:240.B33W:O3.S0.WF4-2 chisqBinned R3InitRHi/Data Fields/L2gpPrecision
  volume:=:374605
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:R3:240.B33W:O3.S0.WF4-2 chisqBinned R3InitRHiPrecision
  Units:=:vmr
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R3:240.B33W:O3.S0.WF4-2 chisqBinned R3InitRHi/Data Fields/L2gpValue
  volume:=:374294
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:R3:240.B33W:O3.S0.WF4-2 chisqBinned R3InitRHi
  Units:=:vmr
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R3:240.B33W:O3.S0.WF4-2 chisqBinned R3InitRHi/Data Fields/Quality
  volume:=:427
  Units:=:NoUnits
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:R3:240.B33W:O3.S0.WF4-2 chisqBinned R3InitRHiQuality
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R3:240.B33W:O3.S0.WF4-2 chisqBinned R3InitRHi/Data Fields/Status
  volume:=:426
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:R3:240.B33W:O3.S0.WF4-2 chisqBinned R3InitRHiStatus
  Units:=:NoUnits
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R3:240.B33W:O3.S0.WF4-2 chisqBinned R3InitRHi/Geolocation Fields/ChunkNumber
  volume:=:1852
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:ChunkNumber
  Units:=:NoUnits
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R3:240.B33W:O3.S0.WF4-2 chisqBinned R3InitRHi/Geolocation Fields/Latitude
  volume:=:14322
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
  Title:=:Latitude
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R3:240.B33W:O3.S0.WF4-2 chisqBinned R3InitRHi/Geolocation Fields/LineOfSightAngle
  volume:=:13010
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:LineOfSightAngle
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R3:240.B33W:O3.S0.WF4-2 chisqBinned R3InitRHi/Geolocation Fields/LocalSolarTime
  volume:=:14074
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:LocalSolarTime
  Units:=:h
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R3:240.B33W:O3.S0.WF4-2 chisqBinned R3InitRHi/Geolocation Fields/Longitude
  volume:=:14269
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:Longitude
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R3:240.B33W:O3.S0.WF4-2 chisqBinned R3InitRHi/Geolocation Fields/OrbitGeodeticAngle
  volume:=:5868
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:OrbitGeodeticAngle
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R3:240.B33W:O3.S0.WF4-2 chisqBinned R3InitRHi/Geolocation Fields/Pressure
  volume:=:148
  _FillValue:=:
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  Title:=:Pressure
  Units:=:hPa
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:Aura-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R3:240.B33W:O3.S0.WF4-2 chisqBinned R3InitRHi/Geolocation Fields/SolarZenithAngle
  volume:=:14213
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:SolarZenithAngle
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R3:240.B33W:O3.S0.WF4-2 chisqBinned R3InitRHi/Geolocation Fields/Time
  volume:=:19031
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:Time
  Units:=:s
  MissingValue:=:
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:Aura-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R3:240.B33W:O3.S0.WF4-2 chisqBinned R3InitRHi/nLevels
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
  REFERENCE_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R3:240.B33W:O3.S0.WF4-2 chisqBinned R3InitRHi/nTimes
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
  REFERENCE_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R3:240.B33W:O3.S0.WF4-2 chisqBinned R3InitRHi/nTimesTotal
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R3:240.B33W:O3.S0.WF4-2 noRadsBinned CorePlusR3/Data Fields/Convergence
  volume:=:427
  Units:=:NoUnits
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:R3:240.B33W:O3.S0.WF4-2 noRadsBinned CorePlusR3Convergence
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R3:240.B33W:O3.S0.WF4-2 noRadsBinned CorePlusR3/Data Fields/L2gpPrecision
  volume:=:3020
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:R3:240.B33W:O3.S0.WF4-2 noRadsBinned CorePlusR3Precision
  Units:=:vmr
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R3:240.B33W:O3.S0.WF4-2 noRadsBinned CorePlusR3/Data Fields/L2gpValue
  volume:=:61891
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:R3:240.B33W:O3.S0.WF4-2 noRadsBinned CorePlusR3
  Units:=:vmr
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R3:240.B33W:O3.S0.WF4-2 noRadsBinned CorePlusR3/Data Fields/Quality
  volume:=:427
  Units:=:NoUnits
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:R3:240.B33W:O3.S0.WF4-2 noRadsBinned CorePlusR3Quality
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R3:240.B33W:O3.S0.WF4-2 noRadsBinned CorePlusR3/Data Fields/Status
  volume:=:426
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:R3:240.B33W:O3.S0.WF4-2 noRadsBinned CorePlusR3Status
  Units:=:NoUnits
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R3:240.B33W:O3.S0.WF4-2 noRadsBinned CorePlusR3/Geolocation Fields/ChunkNumber
  volume:=:1852
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:ChunkNumber
  Units:=:NoUnits
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R3:240.B33W:O3.S0.WF4-2 noRadsBinned CorePlusR3/Geolocation Fields/Latitude
  volume:=:14322
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
  Title:=:Latitude
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R3:240.B33W:O3.S0.WF4-2 noRadsBinned CorePlusR3/Geolocation Fields/LineOfSightAngle
  volume:=:13010
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:LineOfSightAngle
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R3:240.B33W:O3.S0.WF4-2 noRadsBinned CorePlusR3/Geolocation Fields/LocalSolarTime
  volume:=:14074
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:LocalSolarTime
  Units:=:h
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R3:240.B33W:O3.S0.WF4-2 noRadsBinned CorePlusR3/Geolocation Fields/Longitude
  volume:=:14269
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:Longitude
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R3:240.B33W:O3.S0.WF4-2 noRadsBinned CorePlusR3/Geolocation Fields/OrbitGeodeticAngle
  volume:=:5868
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:OrbitGeodeticAngle
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R3:240.B33W:O3.S0.WF4-2 noRadsBinned CorePlusR3/Geolocation Fields/Pressure
  volume:=:148
  _FillValue:=:
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  Title:=:Pressure
  Units:=:hPa
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:Aura-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R3:240.B33W:O3.S0.WF4-2 noRadsBinned CorePlusR3/Geolocation Fields/SolarZenithAngle
  volume:=:14213
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:SolarZenithAngle
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R3:240.B33W:O3.S0.WF4-2 noRadsBinned CorePlusR3/Geolocation Fields/Time
  volume:=:19031
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:Time
  Units:=:s
  MissingValue:=:
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:Aura-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R3:240.B33W:O3.S0.WF4-2 noRadsBinned CorePlusR3/nLevels
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
  REFERENCE_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R3:240.B33W:O3.S0.WF4-2 noRadsBinned CorePlusR3/nTimes
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
  REFERENCE_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R3:240.B33W:O3.S0.WF4-2 noRadsBinned CorePlusR3/nTimesTotal
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R3:240.B33W:O3.S0.WF4-2 noRadsBinned FinalExt/Data Fields/Convergence
  volume:=:427
  Units:=:NoUnits
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:R3:240.B33W:O3.S0.WF4-2 noRadsBinned FinalExtConvergence
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R3:240.B33W:O3.S0.WF4-2 noRadsBinned FinalExt/Data Fields/L2gpPrecision
  volume:=:3020
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:R3:240.B33W:O3.S0.WF4-2 noRadsBinned FinalExtPrecision
  Units:=:vmr
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R3:240.B33W:O3.S0.WF4-2 noRadsBinned FinalExt/Data Fields/L2gpValue
  volume:=:57009
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:R3:240.B33W:O3.S0.WF4-2 noRadsBinned FinalExt
  Units:=:vmr
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R3:240.B33W:O3.S0.WF4-2 noRadsBinned FinalExt/Data Fields/Quality
  volume:=:427
  Units:=:NoUnits
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:R3:240.B33W:O3.S0.WF4-2 noRadsBinned FinalExtQuality
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R3:240.B33W:O3.S0.WF4-2 noRadsBinned FinalExt/Data Fields/Status
  volume:=:426
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:R3:240.B33W:O3.S0.WF4-2 noRadsBinned FinalExtStatus
  Units:=:NoUnits
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R3:240.B33W:O3.S0.WF4-2 noRadsBinned FinalExt/Geolocation Fields/ChunkNumber
  volume:=:1852
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:ChunkNumber
  Units:=:NoUnits
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R3:240.B33W:O3.S0.WF4-2 noRadsBinned FinalExt/Geolocation Fields/Latitude
  volume:=:14322
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
  Title:=:Latitude
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R3:240.B33W:O3.S0.WF4-2 noRadsBinned FinalExt/Geolocation Fields/LineOfSightAngle
  volume:=:13010
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:LineOfSightAngle
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R3:240.B33W:O3.S0.WF4-2 noRadsBinned FinalExt/Geolocation Fields/LocalSolarTime
  volume:=:14074
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:LocalSolarTime
  Units:=:h
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R3:240.B33W:O3.S0.WF4-2 noRadsBinned FinalExt/Geolocation Fields/Longitude
  volume:=:14269
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:Longitude
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R3:240.B33W:O3.S0.WF4-2 noRadsBinned FinalExt/Geolocation Fields/OrbitGeodeticAngle
  volume:=:5868
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:OrbitGeodeticAngle
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R3:240.B33W:O3.S0.WF4-2 noRadsBinned FinalExt/Geolocation Fields/Pressure
  volume:=:148
  _FillValue:=:
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  Title:=:Pressure
  Units:=:hPa
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:Aura-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R3:240.B33W:O3.S0.WF4-2 noRadsBinned FinalExt/Geolocation Fields/SolarZenithAngle
  volume:=:14213
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:SolarZenithAngle
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R3:240.B33W:O3.S0.WF4-2 noRadsBinned FinalExt/Geolocation Fields/Time
  volume:=:19031
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:Time
  Units:=:s
  MissingValue:=:
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:Aura-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R3:240.B33W:O3.S0.WF4-2 noRadsBinned FinalExt/nLevels
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
  REFERENCE_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R3:240.B33W:O3.S0.WF4-2 noRadsBinned FinalExt/nTimes
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
  REFERENCE_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R3:240.B33W:O3.S0.WF4-2 noRadsBinned FinalExt/nTimesTotal
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R3:240.B33W:O3.S0.WF4-2 noRadsBinned FinalPtan/Data Fields/Convergence
  volume:=:427
  Units:=:NoUnits
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:R3:240.B33W:O3.S0.WF4-2 noRadsBinned FinalPtanConvergence
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R3:240.B33W:O3.S0.WF4-2 noRadsBinned FinalPtan/Data Fields/L2gpPrecision
  volume:=:3020
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:R3:240.B33W:O3.S0.WF4-2 noRadsBinned FinalPtanPrecision
  Units:=:vmr
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R3:240.B33W:O3.S0.WF4-2 noRadsBinned FinalPtan/Data Fields/L2gpValue
  volume:=:58835
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:R3:240.B33W:O3.S0.WF4-2 noRadsBinned FinalPtan
  Units:=:vmr
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R3:240.B33W:O3.S0.WF4-2 noRadsBinned FinalPtan/Data Fields/Quality
  volume:=:427
  Units:=:NoUnits
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:R3:240.B33W:O3.S0.WF4-2 noRadsBinned FinalPtanQuality
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R3:240.B33W:O3.S0.WF4-2 noRadsBinned FinalPtan/Data Fields/Status
  volume:=:426
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:R3:240.B33W:O3.S0.WF4-2 noRadsBinned FinalPtanStatus
  Units:=:NoUnits
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R3:240.B33W:O3.S0.WF4-2 noRadsBinned FinalPtan/Geolocation Fields/ChunkNumber
  volume:=:1852
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:ChunkNumber
  Units:=:NoUnits
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R3:240.B33W:O3.S0.WF4-2 noRadsBinned FinalPtan/Geolocation Fields/Latitude
  volume:=:14322
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
  Title:=:Latitude
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R3:240.B33W:O3.S0.WF4-2 noRadsBinned FinalPtan/Geolocation Fields/LineOfSightAngle
  volume:=:13010
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:LineOfSightAngle
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R3:240.B33W:O3.S0.WF4-2 noRadsBinned FinalPtan/Geolocation Fields/LocalSolarTime
  volume:=:14074
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:LocalSolarTime
  Units:=:h
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R3:240.B33W:O3.S0.WF4-2 noRadsBinned FinalPtan/Geolocation Fields/Longitude
  volume:=:14269
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:Longitude
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R3:240.B33W:O3.S0.WF4-2 noRadsBinned FinalPtan/Geolocation Fields/OrbitGeodeticAngle
  volume:=:5868
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:OrbitGeodeticAngle
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R3:240.B33W:O3.S0.WF4-2 noRadsBinned FinalPtan/Geolocation Fields/Pressure
  volume:=:148
  _FillValue:=:
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  Title:=:Pressure
  Units:=:hPa
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:Aura-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R3:240.B33W:O3.S0.WF4-2 noRadsBinned FinalPtan/Geolocation Fields/SolarZenithAngle
  volume:=:14213
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:SolarZenithAngle
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R3:240.B33W:O3.S0.WF4-2 noRadsBinned FinalPtan/Geolocation Fields/Time
  volume:=:19031
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:Time
  Units:=:s
  MissingValue:=:
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:Aura-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R3:240.B33W:O3.S0.WF4-2 noRadsBinned FinalPtan/nLevels
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
  REFERENCE_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R3:240.B33W:O3.S0.WF4-2 noRadsBinned FinalPtan/nTimes
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
  REFERENCE_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R3:240.B33W:O3.S0.WF4-2 noRadsBinned FinalPtan/nTimesTotal
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R3:240.B33W:O3.S0.WF4-2 noRadsBinned R3InitRHi/Data Fields/Convergence
  volume:=:427
  Units:=:NoUnits
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:R3:240.B33W:O3.S0.WF4-2 noRadsBinned R3InitRHiConvergence
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R3:240.B33W:O3.S0.WF4-2 noRadsBinned R3InitRHi/Data Fields/L2gpPrecision
  volume:=:3020
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:R3:240.B33W:O3.S0.WF4-2 noRadsBinned R3InitRHiPrecision
  Units:=:vmr
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R3:240.B33W:O3.S0.WF4-2 noRadsBinned R3InitRHi/Data Fields/L2gpValue
  volume:=:61220
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:R3:240.B33W:O3.S0.WF4-2 noRadsBinned R3InitRHi
  Units:=:vmr
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R3:240.B33W:O3.S0.WF4-2 noRadsBinned R3InitRHi/Data Fields/Quality
  volume:=:427
  Units:=:NoUnits
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:R3:240.B33W:O3.S0.WF4-2 noRadsBinned R3InitRHiQuality
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R3:240.B33W:O3.S0.WF4-2 noRadsBinned R3InitRHi/Data Fields/Status
  volume:=:426
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:R3:240.B33W:O3.S0.WF4-2 noRadsBinned R3InitRHiStatus
  Units:=:NoUnits
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R3:240.B33W:O3.S0.WF4-2 noRadsBinned R3InitRHi/Geolocation Fields/ChunkNumber
  volume:=:1852
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:ChunkNumber
  Units:=:NoUnits
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R3:240.B33W:O3.S0.WF4-2 noRadsBinned R3InitRHi/Geolocation Fields/Latitude
  volume:=:14322
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
  Title:=:Latitude
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R3:240.B33W:O3.S0.WF4-2 noRadsBinned R3InitRHi/Geolocation Fields/LineOfSightAngle
  volume:=:13010
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:LineOfSightAngle
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R3:240.B33W:O3.S0.WF4-2 noRadsBinned R3InitRHi/Geolocation Fields/LocalSolarTime
  volume:=:14074
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:LocalSolarTime
  Units:=:h
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R3:240.B33W:O3.S0.WF4-2 noRadsBinned R3InitRHi/Geolocation Fields/Longitude
  volume:=:14269
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:Longitude
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R3:240.B33W:O3.S0.WF4-2 noRadsBinned R3InitRHi/Geolocation Fields/OrbitGeodeticAngle
  volume:=:5868
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:OrbitGeodeticAngle
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R3:240.B33W:O3.S0.WF4-2 noRadsBinned R3InitRHi/Geolocation Fields/Pressure
  volume:=:148
  _FillValue:=:
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  Title:=:Pressure
  Units:=:hPa
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:Aura-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R3:240.B33W:O3.S0.WF4-2 noRadsBinned R3InitRHi/Geolocation Fields/SolarZenithAngle
  volume:=:14213
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:SolarZenithAngle
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R3:240.B33W:O3.S0.WF4-2 noRadsBinned R3InitRHi/Geolocation Fields/Time
  volume:=:19031
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:Time
  Units:=:s
  MissingValue:=:
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:Aura-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R3:240.B33W:O3.S0.WF4-2 noRadsBinned R3InitRHi/nLevels
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
  REFERENCE_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R3:240.B33W:O3.S0.WF4-2 noRadsBinned R3InitRHi/nTimes
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
  REFERENCE_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R3:240.B33W:O3.S0.WF4-2 noRadsBinned R3InitRHi/nTimesTotal
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R3:240.B33W:O3.S0.WF4-2.C3 cloudMax/Data Fields/Convergence
  volume:=:427
  Units:=:NoUnits
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:R3:240.B33W:O3.S0.WF4-2.C3 cloudMaxConvergence
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R3:240.B33W:O3.S0.WF4-2.C3 cloudMax/Data Fields/L2gpPrecision
  volume:=:3020
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:R3:240.B33W:O3.S0.WF4-2.C3 cloudMaxPrecision
  Units:=:vmr
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R3:240.B33W:O3.S0.WF4-2.C3 cloudMax/Data Fields/L2gpValue
  volume:=:3020
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:R3:240.B33W:O3.S0.WF4-2.C3 cloudMax
  Units:=:vmr
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R3:240.B33W:O3.S0.WF4-2.C3 cloudMax/Data Fields/Quality
  volume:=:427
  Units:=:NoUnits
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:R3:240.B33W:O3.S0.WF4-2.C3 cloudMaxQuality
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R3:240.B33W:O3.S0.WF4-2.C3 cloudMax/Data Fields/Status
  volume:=:426
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:R3:240.B33W:O3.S0.WF4-2.C3 cloudMaxStatus
  Units:=:NoUnits
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R3:240.B33W:O3.S0.WF4-2.C3 cloudMax/Geolocation Fields/ChunkNumber
  volume:=:1852
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:ChunkNumber
  Units:=:NoUnits
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R3:240.B33W:O3.S0.WF4-2.C3 cloudMax/Geolocation Fields/Latitude
  volume:=:14322
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
  Title:=:Latitude
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R3:240.B33W:O3.S0.WF4-2.C3 cloudMax/Geolocation Fields/LineOfSightAngle
  volume:=:13010
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:LineOfSightAngle
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R3:240.B33W:O3.S0.WF4-2.C3 cloudMax/Geolocation Fields/LocalSolarTime
  volume:=:14074
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:LocalSolarTime
  Units:=:h
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R3:240.B33W:O3.S0.WF4-2.C3 cloudMax/Geolocation Fields/Longitude
  volume:=:14269
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:Longitude
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R3:240.B33W:O3.S0.WF4-2.C3 cloudMax/Geolocation Fields/OrbitGeodeticAngle
  volume:=:5868
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:OrbitGeodeticAngle
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R3:240.B33W:O3.S0.WF4-2.C3 cloudMax/Geolocation Fields/Pressure
  volume:=:148
  _FillValue:=:
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  Title:=:Pressure
  Units:=:hPa
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:Aura-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R3:240.B33W:O3.S0.WF4-2.C3 cloudMax/Geolocation Fields/SolarZenithAngle
  volume:=:14213
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:SolarZenithAngle
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R3:240.B33W:O3.S0.WF4-2.C3 cloudMax/Geolocation Fields/Time
  volume:=:19031
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:Time
  Units:=:s
  MissingValue:=:
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:Aura-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R3:240.B33W:O3.S0.WF4-2.C3 cloudMax/nLevels
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
  REFERENCE_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R3:240.B33W:O3.S0.WF4-2.C3 cloudMax/nTimes
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
  REFERENCE_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R3:240.B33W:O3.S0.WF4-2.C3 cloudMax/nTimesTotal
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R3:240.B33W:O3.S0.WF4-2.C3 cloudMin/Data Fields/Convergence
  volume:=:427
  Units:=:NoUnits
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:R3:240.B33W:O3.S0.WF4-2.C3 cloudMinConvergence
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R3:240.B33W:O3.S0.WF4-2.C3 cloudMin/Data Fields/L2gpPrecision
  volume:=:3020
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:R3:240.B33W:O3.S0.WF4-2.C3 cloudMinPrecision
  Units:=:vmr
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R3:240.B33W:O3.S0.WF4-2.C3 cloudMin/Data Fields/L2gpValue
  volume:=:3020
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:R3:240.B33W:O3.S0.WF4-2.C3 cloudMin
  Units:=:vmr
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R3:240.B33W:O3.S0.WF4-2.C3 cloudMin/Data Fields/Quality
  volume:=:427
  Units:=:NoUnits
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:R3:240.B33W:O3.S0.WF4-2.C3 cloudMinQuality
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R3:240.B33W:O3.S0.WF4-2.C3 cloudMin/Data Fields/Status
  volume:=:426
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:R3:240.B33W:O3.S0.WF4-2.C3 cloudMinStatus
  Units:=:NoUnits
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R3:240.B33W:O3.S0.WF4-2.C3 cloudMin/Geolocation Fields/ChunkNumber
  volume:=:1852
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:ChunkNumber
  Units:=:NoUnits
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R3:240.B33W:O3.S0.WF4-2.C3 cloudMin/Geolocation Fields/Latitude
  volume:=:14322
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
  Title:=:Latitude
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R3:240.B33W:O3.S0.WF4-2.C3 cloudMin/Geolocation Fields/LineOfSightAngle
  volume:=:13010
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:LineOfSightAngle
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R3:240.B33W:O3.S0.WF4-2.C3 cloudMin/Geolocation Fields/LocalSolarTime
  volume:=:14074
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:LocalSolarTime
  Units:=:h
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R3:240.B33W:O3.S0.WF4-2.C3 cloudMin/Geolocation Fields/Longitude
  volume:=:14269
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:Longitude
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R3:240.B33W:O3.S0.WF4-2.C3 cloudMin/Geolocation Fields/OrbitGeodeticAngle
  volume:=:5868
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:OrbitGeodeticAngle
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R3:240.B33W:O3.S0.WF4-2.C3 cloudMin/Geolocation Fields/Pressure
  volume:=:148
  _FillValue:=:
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  Title:=:Pressure
  Units:=:hPa
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:Aura-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R3:240.B33W:O3.S0.WF4-2.C3 cloudMin/Geolocation Fields/SolarZenithAngle
  volume:=:14213
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:SolarZenithAngle
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R3:240.B33W:O3.S0.WF4-2.C3 cloudMin/Geolocation Fields/Time
  volume:=:19031
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:Time
  Units:=:s
  MissingValue:=:
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:Aura-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R3:240.B33W:O3.S0.WF4-2.C3 cloudMin/nLevels
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
  REFERENCE_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R3:240.B33W:O3.S0.WF4-2.C3 cloudMin/nTimes
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
  REFERENCE_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R3:240.B33W:O3.S0.WF4-2.C3 cloudMin/nTimesTotal
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R3:240.B7F:O3.S0.FB25-7 chisqBinned CorePlusR3/Data Fields/Convergence
  volume:=:427
  Units:=:NoUnits
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:R3:240.B7F:O3.S0.FB25-7 chisqBinned CorePlusR3Convergence
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R3:240.B7F:O3.S0.FB25-7 chisqBinned CorePlusR3/Data Fields/L2gpPrecision
  volume:=:358266
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:R3:240.B7F:O3.S0.FB25-7 chisqBinned CorePlusR3Precision
  Units:=:vmr
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R3:240.B7F:O3.S0.FB25-7 chisqBinned CorePlusR3/Data Fields/L2gpValue
  volume:=:353343
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:R3:240.B7F:O3.S0.FB25-7 chisqBinned CorePlusR3
  Units:=:vmr
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R3:240.B7F:O3.S0.FB25-7 chisqBinned CorePlusR3/Data Fields/Quality
  volume:=:427
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:R3:240.B7F:O3.S0.FB25-7 chisqBinned CorePlusR3Quality
  Units:=:NoUnits
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R3:240.B7F:O3.S0.FB25-7 chisqBinned CorePlusR3/Data Fields/Status
  volume:=:426
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:R3:240.B7F:O3.S0.FB25-7 chisqBinned CorePlusR3Status
  Units:=:NoUnits
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R3:240.B7F:O3.S0.FB25-7 chisqBinned CorePlusR3/Geolocation Fields/ChunkNumber
  volume:=:1852
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:ChunkNumber
  Units:=:NoUnits
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R3:240.B7F:O3.S0.FB25-7 chisqBinned CorePlusR3/Geolocation Fields/Latitude
  volume:=:14322
  _FillValue:=:
  Units:=:deg
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
  Title:=:Latitude
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R3:240.B7F:O3.S0.FB25-7 chisqBinned CorePlusR3/Geolocation Fields/LineOfSightAngle
  volume:=:13010
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:LineOfSightAngle
  Units:=:deg
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R3:240.B7F:O3.S0.FB25-7 chisqBinned CorePlusR3/Geolocation Fields/LocalSolarTime
  volume:=:14074
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:LocalSolarTime
  Units:=:h
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R3:240.B7F:O3.S0.FB25-7 chisqBinned CorePlusR3/Geolocation Fields/Longitude
  volume:=:14269
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:Longitude
  Units:=:deg
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R3:240.B7F:O3.S0.FB25-7 chisqBinned CorePlusR3/Geolocation Fields/OrbitGeodeticAngle
  volume:=:5868
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:OrbitGeodeticAngle
  Units:=:deg
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R3:240.B7F:O3.S0.FB25-7 chisqBinned CorePlusR3/Geolocation Fields/Pressure
  volume:=:148
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:Pressure
  Units:=:hPa
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:Aura-Shared
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R3:240.B7F:O3.S0.FB25-7 chisqBinned CorePlusR3/Geolocation Fields/SolarZenithAngle
  volume:=:14213
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:SolarZenithAngle
  Units:=:deg
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R3:240.B7F:O3.S0.FB25-7 chisqBinned CorePlusR3/Geolocation Fields/Time
  volume:=:19031
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:Time
  Units:=:s
  MissingValue:=:
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:Aura-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R3:240.B7F:O3.S0.FB25-7 chisqBinned CorePlusR3/nLevels
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
  REFERENCE_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R3:240.B7F:O3.S0.FB25-7 chisqBinned CorePlusR3/nTimes
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
  REFERENCE_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R3:240.B7F:O3.S0.FB25-7 chisqBinned CorePlusR3/nTimesTotal
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R3:240.B7F:O3.S0.FB25-7 noRadsBinned CorePlusR3/Data Fields/Convergence
  volume:=:427
  Units:=:NoUnits
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:R3:240.B7F:O3.S0.FB25-7 noRadsBinned CorePlusR3Convergence
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R3:240.B7F:O3.S0.FB25-7 noRadsBinned CorePlusR3/Data Fields/L2gpPrecision
  volume:=:3020
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:R3:240.B7F:O3.S0.FB25-7 noRadsBinned CorePlusR3Precision
  Units:=:vmr
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R3:240.B7F:O3.S0.FB25-7 noRadsBinned CorePlusR3/Data Fields/L2gpValue
  volume:=:58917
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:R3:240.B7F:O3.S0.FB25-7 noRadsBinned CorePlusR3
  Units:=:vmr
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R3:240.B7F:O3.S0.FB25-7 noRadsBinned CorePlusR3/Data Fields/Quality
  volume:=:427
  Units:=:NoUnits
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:R3:240.B7F:O3.S0.FB25-7 noRadsBinned CorePlusR3Quality
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R3:240.B7F:O3.S0.FB25-7 noRadsBinned CorePlusR3/Data Fields/Status
  volume:=:426
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:R3:240.B7F:O3.S0.FB25-7 noRadsBinned CorePlusR3Status
  Units:=:NoUnits
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R3:240.B7F:O3.S0.FB25-7 noRadsBinned CorePlusR3/Geolocation Fields/ChunkNumber
  volume:=:1852
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:ChunkNumber
  Units:=:NoUnits
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R3:240.B7F:O3.S0.FB25-7 noRadsBinned CorePlusR3/Geolocation Fields/Latitude
  volume:=:14322
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
  Title:=:Latitude
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R3:240.B7F:O3.S0.FB25-7 noRadsBinned CorePlusR3/Geolocation Fields/LineOfSightAngle
  volume:=:13010
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:LineOfSightAngle
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R3:240.B7F:O3.S0.FB25-7 noRadsBinned CorePlusR3/Geolocation Fields/LocalSolarTime
  volume:=:14074
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:LocalSolarTime
  Units:=:h
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R3:240.B7F:O3.S0.FB25-7 noRadsBinned CorePlusR3/Geolocation Fields/Longitude
  volume:=:14269
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:Longitude
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R3:240.B7F:O3.S0.FB25-7 noRadsBinned CorePlusR3/Geolocation Fields/OrbitGeodeticAngle
  volume:=:5868
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:OrbitGeodeticAngle
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R3:240.B7F:O3.S0.FB25-7 noRadsBinned CorePlusR3/Geolocation Fields/Pressure
  volume:=:148
  _FillValue:=:
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  Title:=:Pressure
  Units:=:hPa
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:Aura-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R3:240.B7F:O3.S0.FB25-7 noRadsBinned CorePlusR3/Geolocation Fields/SolarZenithAngle
  volume:=:14213
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:SolarZenithAngle
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R3:240.B7F:O3.S0.FB25-7 noRadsBinned CorePlusR3/Geolocation Fields/Time
  volume:=:19031
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:Time
  Units:=:s
  MissingValue:=:
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:Aura-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R3:240.B7F:O3.S0.FB25-7 noRadsBinned CorePlusR3/nLevels
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
  REFERENCE_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R3:240.B7F:O3.S0.FB25-7 noRadsBinned CorePlusR3/nTimes
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
  REFERENCE_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R3:240.B7F:O3.S0.FB25-7 noRadsBinned CorePlusR3/nTimesTotal
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R3:240.B8F:PT.S3.FB25-8 chisqBinned CorePlusR3/Data Fields/Convergence
  volume:=:427
  Units:=:NoUnits
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:R3:240.B8F:PT.S3.FB25-8 chisqBinned CorePlusR3Convergence
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R3:240.B8F:PT.S3.FB25-8 chisqBinned CorePlusR3/Data Fields/L2gpPrecision
  volume:=:352681
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:R3:240.B8F:PT.S3.FB25-8 chisqBinned CorePlusR3Precision
  Units:=:vmr
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R3:240.B8F:PT.S3.FB25-8 chisqBinned CorePlusR3/Data Fields/L2gpValue
  volume:=:347107
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:R3:240.B8F:PT.S3.FB25-8 chisqBinned CorePlusR3
  Units:=:vmr
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R3:240.B8F:PT.S3.FB25-8 chisqBinned CorePlusR3/Data Fields/Quality
  volume:=:427
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:R3:240.B8F:PT.S3.FB25-8 chisqBinned CorePlusR3Quality
  Units:=:NoUnits
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R3:240.B8F:PT.S3.FB25-8 chisqBinned CorePlusR3/Data Fields/Status
  volume:=:426
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:R3:240.B8F:PT.S3.FB25-8 chisqBinned CorePlusR3Status
  Units:=:NoUnits
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R3:240.B8F:PT.S3.FB25-8 chisqBinned CorePlusR3/Geolocation Fields/ChunkNumber
  volume:=:1852
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:ChunkNumber
  Units:=:NoUnits
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R3:240.B8F:PT.S3.FB25-8 chisqBinned CorePlusR3/Geolocation Fields/Latitude
  volume:=:14322
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
  Title:=:Latitude
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R3:240.B8F:PT.S3.FB25-8 chisqBinned CorePlusR3/Geolocation Fields/LineOfSightAngle
  volume:=:13010
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:LineOfSightAngle
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R3:240.B8F:PT.S3.FB25-8 chisqBinned CorePlusR3/Geolocation Fields/LocalSolarTime
  volume:=:14074
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:LocalSolarTime
  Units:=:h
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R3:240.B8F:PT.S3.FB25-8 chisqBinned CorePlusR3/Geolocation Fields/Longitude
  volume:=:14269
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:Longitude
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R3:240.B8F:PT.S3.FB25-8 chisqBinned CorePlusR3/Geolocation Fields/OrbitGeodeticAngle
  volume:=:5868
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:OrbitGeodeticAngle
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R3:240.B8F:PT.S3.FB25-8 chisqBinned CorePlusR3/Geolocation Fields/Pressure
  volume:=:148
  _FillValue:=:
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  Title:=:Pressure
  Units:=:hPa
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:Aura-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R3:240.B8F:PT.S3.FB25-8 chisqBinned CorePlusR3/Geolocation Fields/SolarZenithAngle
  volume:=:14213
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:SolarZenithAngle
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R3:240.B8F:PT.S3.FB25-8 chisqBinned CorePlusR3/Geolocation Fields/Time
  volume:=:19031
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:Time
  Units:=:s
  MissingValue:=:
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:Aura-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R3:240.B8F:PT.S3.FB25-8 chisqBinned CorePlusR3/nLevels
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
  REFERENCE_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R3:240.B8F:PT.S3.FB25-8 chisqBinned CorePlusR3/nTimes
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
  REFERENCE_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R3:240.B8F:PT.S3.FB25-8 chisqBinned CorePlusR3/nTimesTotal
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R3:240.B8F:PT.S3.FB25-8 chisqBinned FinalExt/Data Fields/Convergence
  volume:=:427
  Units:=:NoUnits
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:R3:240.B8F:PT.S3.FB25-8 chisqBinned FinalExtConvergence
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R3:240.B8F:PT.S3.FB25-8 chisqBinned FinalExt/Data Fields/L2gpPrecision
  volume:=:320160
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:R3:240.B8F:PT.S3.FB25-8 chisqBinned FinalExtPrecision
  Units:=:vmr
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R3:240.B8F:PT.S3.FB25-8 chisqBinned FinalExt/Data Fields/L2gpValue
  volume:=:317264
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:R3:240.B8F:PT.S3.FB25-8 chisqBinned FinalExt
  Units:=:vmr
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R3:240.B8F:PT.S3.FB25-8 chisqBinned FinalExt/Data Fields/Quality
  volume:=:427
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:R3:240.B8F:PT.S3.FB25-8 chisqBinned FinalExtQuality
  Units:=:NoUnits
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R3:240.B8F:PT.S3.FB25-8 chisqBinned FinalExt/Data Fields/Status
  volume:=:426
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:R3:240.B8F:PT.S3.FB25-8 chisqBinned FinalExtStatus
  Units:=:NoUnits
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R3:240.B8F:PT.S3.FB25-8 chisqBinned FinalExt/Geolocation Fields/ChunkNumber
  volume:=:1852
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:ChunkNumber
  Units:=:NoUnits
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R3:240.B8F:PT.S3.FB25-8 chisqBinned FinalExt/Geolocation Fields/Latitude
  volume:=:14322
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
  Title:=:Latitude
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R3:240.B8F:PT.S3.FB25-8 chisqBinned FinalExt/Geolocation Fields/LineOfSightAngle
  volume:=:13010
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:LineOfSightAngle
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R3:240.B8F:PT.S3.FB25-8 chisqBinned FinalExt/Geolocation Fields/LocalSolarTime
  volume:=:14074
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:LocalSolarTime
  Units:=:h
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R3:240.B8F:PT.S3.FB25-8 chisqBinned FinalExt/Geolocation Fields/Longitude
  volume:=:14269
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:Longitude
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R3:240.B8F:PT.S3.FB25-8 chisqBinned FinalExt/Geolocation Fields/OrbitGeodeticAngle
  volume:=:5868
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:OrbitGeodeticAngle
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R3:240.B8F:PT.S3.FB25-8 chisqBinned FinalExt/Geolocation Fields/Pressure
  volume:=:148
  _FillValue:=:
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  Title:=:Pressure
  Units:=:hPa
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:Aura-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R3:240.B8F:PT.S3.FB25-8 chisqBinned FinalExt/Geolocation Fields/SolarZenithAngle
  volume:=:14213
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:SolarZenithAngle
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R3:240.B8F:PT.S3.FB25-8 chisqBinned FinalExt/Geolocation Fields/Time
  volume:=:19031
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:Time
  Units:=:s
  MissingValue:=:
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:Aura-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R3:240.B8F:PT.S3.FB25-8 chisqBinned FinalExt/nLevels
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
  REFERENCE_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R3:240.B8F:PT.S3.FB25-8 chisqBinned FinalExt/nTimes
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
  REFERENCE_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R3:240.B8F:PT.S3.FB25-8 chisqBinned FinalExt/nTimesTotal
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R3:240.B8F:PT.S3.FB25-8 chisqBinned FinalPtan/Data Fields/Convergence
  volume:=:427
  Units:=:NoUnits
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:R3:240.B8F:PT.S3.FB25-8 chisqBinned FinalPtanConvergence
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R3:240.B8F:PT.S3.FB25-8 chisqBinned FinalPtan/Data Fields/L2gpPrecision
  volume:=:315435
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:R3:240.B8F:PT.S3.FB25-8 chisqBinned FinalPtanPrecision
  Units:=:vmr
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R3:240.B8F:PT.S3.FB25-8 chisqBinned FinalPtan/Data Fields/L2gpValue
  volume:=:310300
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:R3:240.B8F:PT.S3.FB25-8 chisqBinned FinalPtan
  Units:=:vmr
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R3:240.B8F:PT.S3.FB25-8 chisqBinned FinalPtan/Data Fields/Quality
  volume:=:427
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:R3:240.B8F:PT.S3.FB25-8 chisqBinned FinalPtanQuality
  Units:=:NoUnits
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R3:240.B8F:PT.S3.FB25-8 chisqBinned FinalPtan/Data Fields/Status
  volume:=:426
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:R3:240.B8F:PT.S3.FB25-8 chisqBinned FinalPtanStatus
  Units:=:NoUnits
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R3:240.B8F:PT.S3.FB25-8 chisqBinned FinalPtan/Geolocation Fields/ChunkNumber
  volume:=:1852
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:ChunkNumber
  Units:=:NoUnits
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R3:240.B8F:PT.S3.FB25-8 chisqBinned FinalPtan/Geolocation Fields/Latitude
  volume:=:14322
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
  Title:=:Latitude
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R3:240.B8F:PT.S3.FB25-8 chisqBinned FinalPtan/Geolocation Fields/LineOfSightAngle
  volume:=:13010
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:LineOfSightAngle
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R3:240.B8F:PT.S3.FB25-8 chisqBinned FinalPtan/Geolocation Fields/LocalSolarTime
  volume:=:14074
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:LocalSolarTime
  Units:=:h
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R3:240.B8F:PT.S3.FB25-8 chisqBinned FinalPtan/Geolocation Fields/Longitude
  volume:=:14269
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:Longitude
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R3:240.B8F:PT.S3.FB25-8 chisqBinned FinalPtan/Geolocation Fields/OrbitGeodeticAngle
  volume:=:5868
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:OrbitGeodeticAngle
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R3:240.B8F:PT.S3.FB25-8 chisqBinned FinalPtan/Geolocation Fields/Pressure
  volume:=:148
  _FillValue:=:
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  Title:=:Pressure
  Units:=:hPa
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:Aura-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R3:240.B8F:PT.S3.FB25-8 chisqBinned FinalPtan/Geolocation Fields/SolarZenithAngle
  volume:=:14213
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:SolarZenithAngle
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R3:240.B8F:PT.S3.FB25-8 chisqBinned FinalPtan/Geolocation Fields/Time
  volume:=:19031
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:Time
  Units:=:s
  MissingValue:=:
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:Aura-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R3:240.B8F:PT.S3.FB25-8 chisqBinned FinalPtan/nLevels
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
  REFERENCE_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R3:240.B8F:PT.S3.FB25-8 chisqBinned FinalPtan/nTimes
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
  REFERENCE_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R3:240.B8F:PT.S3.FB25-8 chisqBinned FinalPtan/nTimesTotal
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R3:240.B8F:PT.S3.FB25-8 noRadsBinned CorePlusR3/Data Fields/Convergence
  volume:=:427
  Units:=:NoUnits
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:R3:240.B8F:PT.S3.FB25-8 noRadsBinned CorePlusR3Convergence
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R3:240.B8F:PT.S3.FB25-8 noRadsBinned CorePlusR3/Data Fields/L2gpPrecision
  volume:=:3020
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:R3:240.B8F:PT.S3.FB25-8 noRadsBinned CorePlusR3Precision
  Units:=:vmr
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R3:240.B8F:PT.S3.FB25-8 noRadsBinned CorePlusR3/Data Fields/L2gpValue
  volume:=:44691
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:R3:240.B8F:PT.S3.FB25-8 noRadsBinned CorePlusR3
  Units:=:vmr
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R3:240.B8F:PT.S3.FB25-8 noRadsBinned CorePlusR3/Data Fields/Quality
  volume:=:427
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:R3:240.B8F:PT.S3.FB25-8 noRadsBinned CorePlusR3Quality
  Units:=:NoUnits
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R3:240.B8F:PT.S3.FB25-8 noRadsBinned CorePlusR3/Data Fields/Status
  volume:=:426
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:R3:240.B8F:PT.S3.FB25-8 noRadsBinned CorePlusR3Status
  Units:=:NoUnits
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R3:240.B8F:PT.S3.FB25-8 noRadsBinned CorePlusR3/Geolocation Fields/ChunkNumber
  volume:=:1852
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:ChunkNumber
  Units:=:NoUnits
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R3:240.B8F:PT.S3.FB25-8 noRadsBinned CorePlusR3/Geolocation Fields/Latitude
  volume:=:14322
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
  Title:=:Latitude
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R3:240.B8F:PT.S3.FB25-8 noRadsBinned CorePlusR3/Geolocation Fields/LineOfSightAngle
  volume:=:13010
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:LineOfSightAngle
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R3:240.B8F:PT.S3.FB25-8 noRadsBinned CorePlusR3/Geolocation Fields/LocalSolarTime
  volume:=:14074
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:LocalSolarTime
  Units:=:h
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R3:240.B8F:PT.S3.FB25-8 noRadsBinned CorePlusR3/Geolocation Fields/Longitude
  volume:=:14269
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:Longitude
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R3:240.B8F:PT.S3.FB25-8 noRadsBinned CorePlusR3/Geolocation Fields/OrbitGeodeticAngle
  volume:=:5868
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:OrbitGeodeticAngle
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R3:240.B8F:PT.S3.FB25-8 noRadsBinned CorePlusR3/Geolocation Fields/Pressure
  volume:=:148
  _FillValue:=:
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  Title:=:Pressure
  Units:=:hPa
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:Aura-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R3:240.B8F:PT.S3.FB25-8 noRadsBinned CorePlusR3/Geolocation Fields/SolarZenithAngle
  volume:=:14213
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:SolarZenithAngle
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R3:240.B8F:PT.S3.FB25-8 noRadsBinned CorePlusR3/Geolocation Fields/Time
  volume:=:19031
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:Time
  Units:=:s
  MissingValue:=:
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:Aura-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R3:240.B8F:PT.S3.FB25-8 noRadsBinned CorePlusR3/nLevels
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
  REFERENCE_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R3:240.B8F:PT.S3.FB25-8 noRadsBinned CorePlusR3/nTimes
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
  REFERENCE_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R3:240.B8F:PT.S3.FB25-8 noRadsBinned CorePlusR3/nTimesTotal
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R3:240.B8F:PT.S3.FB25-8 noRadsBinned FinalExt/Data Fields/Convergence
  volume:=:427
  Units:=:NoUnits
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:R3:240.B8F:PT.S3.FB25-8 noRadsBinned FinalExtConvergence
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R3:240.B8F:PT.S3.FB25-8 noRadsBinned FinalExt/Data Fields/L2gpPrecision
  volume:=:3020
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:R3:240.B8F:PT.S3.FB25-8 noRadsBinned FinalExtPrecision
  Units:=:vmr
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R3:240.B8F:PT.S3.FB25-8 noRadsBinned FinalExt/Data Fields/L2gpValue
  volume:=:37930
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:R3:240.B8F:PT.S3.FB25-8 noRadsBinned FinalExt
  Units:=:vmr
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R3:240.B8F:PT.S3.FB25-8 noRadsBinned FinalExt/Data Fields/Quality
  volume:=:427
  Units:=:NoUnits
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:R3:240.B8F:PT.S3.FB25-8 noRadsBinned FinalExtQuality
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R3:240.B8F:PT.S3.FB25-8 noRadsBinned FinalExt/Data Fields/Status
  volume:=:426
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:R3:240.B8F:PT.S3.FB25-8 noRadsBinned FinalExtStatus
  Units:=:NoUnits
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R3:240.B8F:PT.S3.FB25-8 noRadsBinned FinalExt/Geolocation Fields/ChunkNumber
  volume:=:1852
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:ChunkNumber
  Units:=:NoUnits
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R3:240.B8F:PT.S3.FB25-8 noRadsBinned FinalExt/Geolocation Fields/Latitude
  volume:=:14322
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
  Title:=:Latitude
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R3:240.B8F:PT.S3.FB25-8 noRadsBinned FinalExt/Geolocation Fields/LineOfSightAngle
  volume:=:13010
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:LineOfSightAngle
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R3:240.B8F:PT.S3.FB25-8 noRadsBinned FinalExt/Geolocation Fields/LocalSolarTime
  volume:=:14074
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:LocalSolarTime
  Units:=:h
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R3:240.B8F:PT.S3.FB25-8 noRadsBinned FinalExt/Geolocation Fields/Longitude
  volume:=:14269
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:Longitude
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R3:240.B8F:PT.S3.FB25-8 noRadsBinned FinalExt/Geolocation Fields/OrbitGeodeticAngle
  volume:=:5868
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:OrbitGeodeticAngle
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R3:240.B8F:PT.S3.FB25-8 noRadsBinned FinalExt/Geolocation Fields/Pressure
  volume:=:148
  _FillValue:=:
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  Title:=:Pressure
  Units:=:hPa
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:Aura-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R3:240.B8F:PT.S3.FB25-8 noRadsBinned FinalExt/Geolocation Fields/SolarZenithAngle
  volume:=:14213
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:SolarZenithAngle
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R3:240.B8F:PT.S3.FB25-8 noRadsBinned FinalExt/Geolocation Fields/Time
  volume:=:19031
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:Time
  Units:=:s
  MissingValue:=:
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:Aura-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R3:240.B8F:PT.S3.FB25-8 noRadsBinned FinalExt/nLevels
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
  REFERENCE_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R3:240.B8F:PT.S3.FB25-8 noRadsBinned FinalExt/nTimes
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
  REFERENCE_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R3:240.B8F:PT.S3.FB25-8 noRadsBinned FinalExt/nTimesTotal
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R3:240.B8F:PT.S3.FB25-8 noRadsBinned FinalPtan/Data Fields/Convergence
  volume:=:427
  Units:=:NoUnits
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:R3:240.B8F:PT.S3.FB25-8 noRadsBinned FinalPtanConvergence
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R3:240.B8F:PT.S3.FB25-8 noRadsBinned FinalPtan/Data Fields/L2gpPrecision
  volume:=:3020
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:R3:240.B8F:PT.S3.FB25-8 noRadsBinned FinalPtanPrecision
  Units:=:vmr
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R3:240.B8F:PT.S3.FB25-8 noRadsBinned FinalPtan/Data Fields/L2gpValue
  volume:=:40390
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:R3:240.B8F:PT.S3.FB25-8 noRadsBinned FinalPtan
  Units:=:vmr
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R3:240.B8F:PT.S3.FB25-8 noRadsBinned FinalPtan/Data Fields/Quality
  volume:=:427
  Units:=:NoUnits
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:R3:240.B8F:PT.S3.FB25-8 noRadsBinned FinalPtanQuality
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R3:240.B8F:PT.S3.FB25-8 noRadsBinned FinalPtan/Data Fields/Status
  volume:=:426
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:R3:240.B8F:PT.S3.FB25-8 noRadsBinned FinalPtanStatus
  Units:=:NoUnits
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R3:240.B8F:PT.S3.FB25-8 noRadsBinned FinalPtan/Geolocation Fields/ChunkNumber
  volume:=:1852
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:ChunkNumber
  Units:=:NoUnits
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R3:240.B8F:PT.S3.FB25-8 noRadsBinned FinalPtan/Geolocation Fields/Latitude
  volume:=:14322
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
  Title:=:Latitude
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R3:240.B8F:PT.S3.FB25-8 noRadsBinned FinalPtan/Geolocation Fields/LineOfSightAngle
  volume:=:13010
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:LineOfSightAngle
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R3:240.B8F:PT.S3.FB25-8 noRadsBinned FinalPtan/Geolocation Fields/LocalSolarTime
  volume:=:14074
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:LocalSolarTime
  Units:=:h
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R3:240.B8F:PT.S3.FB25-8 noRadsBinned FinalPtan/Geolocation Fields/Longitude
  volume:=:14269
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:Longitude
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R3:240.B8F:PT.S3.FB25-8 noRadsBinned FinalPtan/Geolocation Fields/OrbitGeodeticAngle
  volume:=:5868
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:OrbitGeodeticAngle
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R3:240.B8F:PT.S3.FB25-8 noRadsBinned FinalPtan/Geolocation Fields/Pressure
  volume:=:148
  _FillValue:=:
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  Title:=:Pressure
  Units:=:hPa
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:Aura-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R3:240.B8F:PT.S3.FB25-8 noRadsBinned FinalPtan/Geolocation Fields/SolarZenithAngle
  volume:=:14213
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:SolarZenithAngle
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R3:240.B8F:PT.S3.FB25-8 noRadsBinned FinalPtan/Geolocation Fields/Time
  volume:=:19031
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:Time
  Units:=:s
  MissingValue:=:
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:Aura-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R3:240.B8F:PT.S3.FB25-8 noRadsBinned FinalPtan/nLevels
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
  REFERENCE_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R3:240.B8F:PT.S3.FB25-8 noRadsBinned FinalPtan/nTimes
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
  REFERENCE_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R3:240.B8F:PT.S3.FB25-8 noRadsBinned FinalPtan/nTimesTotal
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R3:240.B9F:CO.S0.FB25-9 chisqBinned CorePlusR3/Data Fields/Convergence
  volume:=:427
  Units:=:NoUnits
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:R3:240.B9F:CO.S0.FB25-9 chisqBinned CorePlusR3Convergence
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R3:240.B9F:CO.S0.FB25-9 chisqBinned CorePlusR3/Data Fields/L2gpPrecision
  volume:=:354774
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:R3:240.B9F:CO.S0.FB25-9 chisqBinned CorePlusR3Precision
  Units:=:vmr
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R3:240.B9F:CO.S0.FB25-9 chisqBinned CorePlusR3/Data Fields/L2gpValue
  volume:=:349192
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:R3:240.B9F:CO.S0.FB25-9 chisqBinned CorePlusR3
  Units:=:vmr
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R3:240.B9F:CO.S0.FB25-9 chisqBinned CorePlusR3/Data Fields/Quality
  volume:=:427
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:R3:240.B9F:CO.S0.FB25-9 chisqBinned CorePlusR3Quality
  Units:=:NoUnits
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R3:240.B9F:CO.S0.FB25-9 chisqBinned CorePlusR3/Data Fields/Status
  volume:=:426
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:R3:240.B9F:CO.S0.FB25-9 chisqBinned CorePlusR3Status
  Units:=:NoUnits
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R3:240.B9F:CO.S0.FB25-9 chisqBinned CorePlusR3/Geolocation Fields/ChunkNumber
  volume:=:1852
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:ChunkNumber
  Units:=:NoUnits
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R3:240.B9F:CO.S0.FB25-9 chisqBinned CorePlusR3/Geolocation Fields/Latitude
  volume:=:14322
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
  Title:=:Latitude
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R3:240.B9F:CO.S0.FB25-9 chisqBinned CorePlusR3/Geolocation Fields/LineOfSightAngle
  volume:=:13010
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:LineOfSightAngle
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R3:240.B9F:CO.S0.FB25-9 chisqBinned CorePlusR3/Geolocation Fields/LocalSolarTime
  volume:=:14074
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:LocalSolarTime
  Units:=:h
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R3:240.B9F:CO.S0.FB25-9 chisqBinned CorePlusR3/Geolocation Fields/Longitude
  volume:=:14269
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:Longitude
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R3:240.B9F:CO.S0.FB25-9 chisqBinned CorePlusR3/Geolocation Fields/OrbitGeodeticAngle
  volume:=:5868
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:OrbitGeodeticAngle
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R3:240.B9F:CO.S0.FB25-9 chisqBinned CorePlusR3/Geolocation Fields/Pressure
  volume:=:148
  _FillValue:=:
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  Title:=:Pressure
  Units:=:hPa
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:Aura-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R3:240.B9F:CO.S0.FB25-9 chisqBinned CorePlusR3/Geolocation Fields/SolarZenithAngle
  volume:=:14213
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:SolarZenithAngle
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R3:240.B9F:CO.S0.FB25-9 chisqBinned CorePlusR3/Geolocation Fields/Time
  volume:=:19031
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:Time
  Units:=:s
  MissingValue:=:
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:Aura-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R3:240.B9F:CO.S0.FB25-9 chisqBinned CorePlusR3/nLevels
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
  REFERENCE_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R3:240.B9F:CO.S0.FB25-9 chisqBinned CorePlusR3/nTimes
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
  REFERENCE_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R3:240.B9F:CO.S0.FB25-9 chisqBinned CorePlusR3/nTimesTotal
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R3:240.B9F:CO.S0.FB25-9 noRadsBinned CorePlusR3/Data Fields/Convergence
  volume:=:427
  Units:=:NoUnits
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:R3:240.B9F:CO.S0.FB25-9 noRadsBinned CorePlusR3Convergence
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R3:240.B9F:CO.S0.FB25-9 noRadsBinned CorePlusR3/Data Fields/L2gpPrecision
  volume:=:3020
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:R3:240.B9F:CO.S0.FB25-9 noRadsBinned CorePlusR3Precision
  Units:=:vmr
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R3:240.B9F:CO.S0.FB25-9 noRadsBinned CorePlusR3/Data Fields/L2gpValue
  volume:=:47331
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:R3:240.B9F:CO.S0.FB25-9 noRadsBinned CorePlusR3
  Units:=:vmr
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R3:240.B9F:CO.S0.FB25-9 noRadsBinned CorePlusR3/Data Fields/Quality
  volume:=:427
  Units:=:NoUnits
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:R3:240.B9F:CO.S0.FB25-9 noRadsBinned CorePlusR3Quality
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R3:240.B9F:CO.S0.FB25-9 noRadsBinned CorePlusR3/Data Fields/Status
  volume:=:426
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:R3:240.B9F:CO.S0.FB25-9 noRadsBinned CorePlusR3Status
  Units:=:NoUnits
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R3:240.B9F:CO.S0.FB25-9 noRadsBinned CorePlusR3/Geolocation Fields/ChunkNumber
  volume:=:1852
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:ChunkNumber
  Units:=:NoUnits
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R3:240.B9F:CO.S0.FB25-9 noRadsBinned CorePlusR3/Geolocation Fields/Latitude
  volume:=:14322
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
  Title:=:Latitude
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R3:240.B9F:CO.S0.FB25-9 noRadsBinned CorePlusR3/Geolocation Fields/LineOfSightAngle
  volume:=:13010
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:LineOfSightAngle
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R3:240.B9F:CO.S0.FB25-9 noRadsBinned CorePlusR3/Geolocation Fields/LocalSolarTime
  volume:=:14074
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:LocalSolarTime
  Units:=:h
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R3:240.B9F:CO.S0.FB25-9 noRadsBinned CorePlusR3/Geolocation Fields/Longitude
  volume:=:14269
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:Longitude
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R3:240.B9F:CO.S0.FB25-9 noRadsBinned CorePlusR3/Geolocation Fields/OrbitGeodeticAngle
  volume:=:5868
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:OrbitGeodeticAngle
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R3:240.B9F:CO.S0.FB25-9 noRadsBinned CorePlusR3/Geolocation Fields/Pressure
  volume:=:148
  _FillValue:=:
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  Title:=:Pressure
  Units:=:hPa
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:Aura-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R3:240.B9F:CO.S0.FB25-9 noRadsBinned CorePlusR3/Geolocation Fields/SolarZenithAngle
  volume:=:14213
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:SolarZenithAngle
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R3:240.B9F:CO.S0.FB25-9 noRadsBinned CorePlusR3/Geolocation Fields/Time
  volume:=:19031
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:Time
  Units:=:s
  MissingValue:=:
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:Aura-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R3:240.B9F:CO.S0.FB25-9 noRadsBinned CorePlusR3/nLevels
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
  REFERENCE_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R3:240.B9F:CO.S0.FB25-9 noRadsBinned CorePlusR3/nTimes
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
  REFERENCE_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R3:240.B9F:CO.S0.FB25-9 noRadsBinned CorePlusR3/nTimesTotal
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R4:640.B10F:CLO.S0.FB25-10 chisqBinned CorePlusR4AB14/Data Fields/Convergence
  volume:=:427
  Units:=:NoUnits
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:R4:640.B10F:CLO.S0.FB25-10 chisqBinned CorePlusR4AB14Convergence
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R4:640.B10F:CLO.S0.FB25-10 chisqBinned CorePlusR4AB14/Data Fields/L2gpPrecision
  volume:=:297855
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:R4:640.B10F:CLO.S0.FB25-10 chisqBinned CorePlusR4AB14Precision
  Units:=:vmr
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R4:640.B10F:CLO.S0.FB25-10 chisqBinned CorePlusR4AB14/Data Fields/L2gpValue
  volume:=:297438
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:R4:640.B10F:CLO.S0.FB25-10 chisqBinned CorePlusR4AB14
  Units:=:vmr
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R4:640.B10F:CLO.S0.FB25-10 chisqBinned CorePlusR4AB14/Data Fields/Quality
  volume:=:427
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:R4:640.B10F:CLO.S0.FB25-10 chisqBinned CorePlusR4AB14Quality
  Units:=:NoUnits
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R4:640.B10F:CLO.S0.FB25-10 chisqBinned CorePlusR4AB14/Data Fields/Status
  volume:=:426
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:R4:640.B10F:CLO.S0.FB25-10 chisqBinned CorePlusR4AB14Status
  Units:=:NoUnits
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R4:640.B10F:CLO.S0.FB25-10 chisqBinned CorePlusR4AB14/Geolocation Fields/ChunkNumber
  volume:=:1852
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:ChunkNumber
  Units:=:NoUnits
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R4:640.B10F:CLO.S0.FB25-10 chisqBinned CorePlusR4AB14/Geolocation Fields/Latitude
  volume:=:14322
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
  Title:=:Latitude
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R4:640.B10F:CLO.S0.FB25-10 chisqBinned CorePlusR4AB14/Geolocation Fields/LineOfSightAngle
  volume:=:13010
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:LineOfSightAngle
  Units:=:deg
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R4:640.B10F:CLO.S0.FB25-10 chisqBinned CorePlusR4AB14/Geolocation Fields/LocalSolarTime
  volume:=:14074
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:LocalSolarTime
  Units:=:h
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R4:640.B10F:CLO.S0.FB25-10 chisqBinned CorePlusR4AB14/Geolocation Fields/Longitude
  volume:=:14269
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:Longitude
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R4:640.B10F:CLO.S0.FB25-10 chisqBinned CorePlusR4AB14/Geolocation Fields/OrbitGeodeticAngle
  volume:=:5868
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:OrbitGeodeticAngle
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R4:640.B10F:CLO.S0.FB25-10 chisqBinned CorePlusR4AB14/Geolocation Fields/Pressure
  volume:=:148
  _FillValue:=:
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  Title:=:Pressure
  Units:=:hPa
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:Aura-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R4:640.B10F:CLO.S0.FB25-10 chisqBinned CorePlusR4AB14/Geolocation Fields/SolarZenithAngle
  volume:=:14213
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:SolarZenithAngle
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R4:640.B10F:CLO.S0.FB25-10 chisqBinned CorePlusR4AB14/Geolocation Fields/Time
  volume:=:19031
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:Time
  Units:=:s
  MissingValue:=:
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:Aura-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R4:640.B10F:CLO.S0.FB25-10 chisqBinned CorePlusR4AB14/nLevels
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
  REFERENCE_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R4:640.B10F:CLO.S0.FB25-10 chisqBinned CorePlusR4AB14/nTimes
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
  REFERENCE_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R4:640.B10F:CLO.S0.FB25-10 chisqBinned CorePlusR4AB14/nTimesTotal
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R4:640.B10F:CLO.S0.FB25-10 noRadsBinned CorePlusR4AB14/Data Fields/Convergence
  volume:=:427
  Units:=:NoUnits
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:R4:640.B10F:CLO.S0.FB25-10 noRadsBinned CorePlusR4AB14Convergence
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R4:640.B10F:CLO.S0.FB25-10 noRadsBinned CorePlusR4AB14/Data Fields/L2gpPrecision
  volume:=:3020
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:R4:640.B10F:CLO.S0.FB25-10 noRadsBinned CorePlusR4AB14Precision
  Units:=:vmr
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R4:640.B10F:CLO.S0.FB25-10 noRadsBinned CorePlusR4AB14/Data Fields/L2gpValue
  volume:=:43621
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:R4:640.B10F:CLO.S0.FB25-10 noRadsBinned CorePlusR4AB14
  Units:=:vmr
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R4:640.B10F:CLO.S0.FB25-10 noRadsBinned CorePlusR4AB14/Data Fields/Quality
  volume:=:427
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:R4:640.B10F:CLO.S0.FB25-10 noRadsBinned CorePlusR4AB14Quality
  Units:=:NoUnits
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R4:640.B10F:CLO.S0.FB25-10 noRadsBinned CorePlusR4AB14/Data Fields/Status
  volume:=:426
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:R4:640.B10F:CLO.S0.FB25-10 noRadsBinned CorePlusR4AB14Status
  Units:=:NoUnits
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R4:640.B10F:CLO.S0.FB25-10 noRadsBinned CorePlusR4AB14/Geolocation Fields/ChunkNumber
  volume:=:1852
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:ChunkNumber
  Units:=:NoUnits
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R4:640.B10F:CLO.S0.FB25-10 noRadsBinned CorePlusR4AB14/Geolocation Fields/Latitude
  volume:=:14322
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
  Title:=:Latitude
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R4:640.B10F:CLO.S0.FB25-10 noRadsBinned CorePlusR4AB14/Geolocation Fields/LineOfSightAngle
  volume:=:13010
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:LineOfSightAngle
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R4:640.B10F:CLO.S0.FB25-10 noRadsBinned CorePlusR4AB14/Geolocation Fields/LocalSolarTime
  volume:=:14074
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:LocalSolarTime
  Units:=:h
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R4:640.B10F:CLO.S0.FB25-10 noRadsBinned CorePlusR4AB14/Geolocation Fields/Longitude
  volume:=:14269
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:Longitude
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R4:640.B10F:CLO.S0.FB25-10 noRadsBinned CorePlusR4AB14/Geolocation Fields/OrbitGeodeticAngle
  volume:=:5868
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:OrbitGeodeticAngle
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R4:640.B10F:CLO.S0.FB25-10 noRadsBinned CorePlusR4AB14/Geolocation Fields/Pressure
  volume:=:148
  _FillValue:=:
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  Title:=:Pressure
  Units:=:hPa
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:Aura-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R4:640.B10F:CLO.S0.FB25-10 noRadsBinned CorePlusR4AB14/Geolocation Fields/SolarZenithAngle
  volume:=:14213
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:SolarZenithAngle
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R4:640.B10F:CLO.S0.FB25-10 noRadsBinned CorePlusR4AB14/Geolocation Fields/Time
  volume:=:19031
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:Time
  Units:=:s
  MissingValue:=:
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:Aura-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R4:640.B10F:CLO.S0.FB25-10 noRadsBinned CorePlusR4AB14/nLevels
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
  REFERENCE_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R4:640.B10F:CLO.S0.FB25-10 noRadsBinned CorePlusR4AB14/nTimes
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
  REFERENCE_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R4:640.B10F:CLO.S0.FB25-10 noRadsBinned CorePlusR4AB14/nTimesTotal
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R4:640.B11F:BRO.S0.FB25-11 chisqBinned CorePlusR4AB14/Data Fields/Convergence
  volume:=:427
  Units:=:NoUnits
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:R4:640.B11F:BRO.S0.FB25-11 chisqBinned CorePlusR4AB14Convergence
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R4:640.B11F:BRO.S0.FB25-11 chisqBinned CorePlusR4AB14/Data Fields/L2gpPrecision
  volume:=:298223
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:R4:640.B11F:BRO.S0.FB25-11 chisqBinned CorePlusR4AB14Precision
  Units:=:vmr
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R4:640.B11F:BRO.S0.FB25-11 chisqBinned CorePlusR4AB14/Data Fields/L2gpValue
  volume:=:297793
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:R4:640.B11F:BRO.S0.FB25-11 chisqBinned CorePlusR4AB14
  Units:=:vmr
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R4:640.B11F:BRO.S0.FB25-11 chisqBinned CorePlusR4AB14/Data Fields/Quality
  volume:=:427
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:R4:640.B11F:BRO.S0.FB25-11 chisqBinned CorePlusR4AB14Quality
  Units:=:NoUnits
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R4:640.B11F:BRO.S0.FB25-11 chisqBinned CorePlusR4AB14/Data Fields/Status
  volume:=:426
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:R4:640.B11F:BRO.S0.FB25-11 chisqBinned CorePlusR4AB14Status
  Units:=:NoUnits
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R4:640.B11F:BRO.S0.FB25-11 chisqBinned CorePlusR4AB14/Geolocation Fields/ChunkNumber
  volume:=:1852
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:ChunkNumber
  Units:=:NoUnits
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R4:640.B11F:BRO.S0.FB25-11 chisqBinned CorePlusR4AB14/Geolocation Fields/Latitude
  volume:=:14322
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
  Title:=:Latitude
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R4:640.B11F:BRO.S0.FB25-11 chisqBinned CorePlusR4AB14/Geolocation Fields/LineOfSightAngle
  volume:=:13010
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:LineOfSightAngle
  Units:=:deg
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R4:640.B11F:BRO.S0.FB25-11 chisqBinned CorePlusR4AB14/Geolocation Fields/LocalSolarTime
  volume:=:14074
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:LocalSolarTime
  Units:=:h
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R4:640.B11F:BRO.S0.FB25-11 chisqBinned CorePlusR4AB14/Geolocation Fields/Longitude
  volume:=:14269
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:Longitude
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R4:640.B11F:BRO.S0.FB25-11 chisqBinned CorePlusR4AB14/Geolocation Fields/OrbitGeodeticAngle
  volume:=:5868
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:OrbitGeodeticAngle
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R4:640.B11F:BRO.S0.FB25-11 chisqBinned CorePlusR4AB14/Geolocation Fields/Pressure
  volume:=:148
  _FillValue:=:
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  Title:=:Pressure
  Units:=:hPa
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:Aura-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R4:640.B11F:BRO.S0.FB25-11 chisqBinned CorePlusR4AB14/Geolocation Fields/SolarZenithAngle
  volume:=:14213
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:SolarZenithAngle
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R4:640.B11F:BRO.S0.FB25-11 chisqBinned CorePlusR4AB14/Geolocation Fields/Time
  volume:=:19031
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:Time
  Units:=:s
  MissingValue:=:
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:Aura-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R4:640.B11F:BRO.S0.FB25-11 chisqBinned CorePlusR4AB14/nLevels
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
  REFERENCE_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R4:640.B11F:BRO.S0.FB25-11 chisqBinned CorePlusR4AB14/nTimes
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
  REFERENCE_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R4:640.B11F:BRO.S0.FB25-11 chisqBinned CorePlusR4AB14/nTimesTotal
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R4:640.B11F:BRO.S0.FB25-11 noRadsBinned CorePlusR4AB14/Data Fields/Convergence
  volume:=:427
  Units:=:NoUnits
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:R4:640.B11F:BRO.S0.FB25-11 noRadsBinned CorePlusR4AB14Convergence
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R4:640.B11F:BRO.S0.FB25-11 noRadsBinned CorePlusR4AB14/Data Fields/L2gpPrecision
  volume:=:3020
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:R4:640.B11F:BRO.S0.FB25-11 noRadsBinned CorePlusR4AB14Precision
  Units:=:vmr
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R4:640.B11F:BRO.S0.FB25-11 noRadsBinned CorePlusR4AB14/Data Fields/L2gpValue
  volume:=:47431
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:R4:640.B11F:BRO.S0.FB25-11 noRadsBinned CorePlusR4AB14
  Units:=:vmr
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R4:640.B11F:BRO.S0.FB25-11 noRadsBinned CorePlusR4AB14/Data Fields/Quality
  volume:=:427
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:R4:640.B11F:BRO.S0.FB25-11 noRadsBinned CorePlusR4AB14Quality
  Units:=:NoUnits
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R4:640.B11F:BRO.S0.FB25-11 noRadsBinned CorePlusR4AB14/Data Fields/Status
  volume:=:426
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:R4:640.B11F:BRO.S0.FB25-11 noRadsBinned CorePlusR4AB14Status
  Units:=:NoUnits
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R4:640.B11F:BRO.S0.FB25-11 noRadsBinned CorePlusR4AB14/Geolocation Fields/ChunkNumber
  volume:=:1852
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:ChunkNumber
  Units:=:NoUnits
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R4:640.B11F:BRO.S0.FB25-11 noRadsBinned CorePlusR4AB14/Geolocation Fields/Latitude
  volume:=:14322
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
  Title:=:Latitude
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R4:640.B11F:BRO.S0.FB25-11 noRadsBinned CorePlusR4AB14/Geolocation Fields/LineOfSightAngle
  volume:=:13010
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:LineOfSightAngle
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R4:640.B11F:BRO.S0.FB25-11 noRadsBinned CorePlusR4AB14/Geolocation Fields/LocalSolarTime
  volume:=:14074
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:LocalSolarTime
  Units:=:h
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R4:640.B11F:BRO.S0.FB25-11 noRadsBinned CorePlusR4AB14/Geolocation Fields/Longitude
  volume:=:14269
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:Longitude
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R4:640.B11F:BRO.S0.FB25-11 noRadsBinned CorePlusR4AB14/Geolocation Fields/OrbitGeodeticAngle
  volume:=:5868
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:OrbitGeodeticAngle
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R4:640.B11F:BRO.S0.FB25-11 noRadsBinned CorePlusR4AB14/Geolocation Fields/Pressure
  volume:=:148
  _FillValue:=:
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  Title:=:Pressure
  Units:=:hPa
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:Aura-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R4:640.B11F:BRO.S0.FB25-11 noRadsBinned CorePlusR4AB14/Geolocation Fields/SolarZenithAngle
  volume:=:14213
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:SolarZenithAngle
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R4:640.B11F:BRO.S0.FB25-11 noRadsBinned CorePlusR4AB14/Geolocation Fields/Time
  volume:=:19031
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:Time
  Units:=:s
  MissingValue:=:
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:Aura-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R4:640.B11F:BRO.S0.FB25-11 noRadsBinned CorePlusR4AB14/nLevels
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
  REFERENCE_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R4:640.B11F:BRO.S0.FB25-11 noRadsBinned CorePlusR4AB14/nTimes
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
  REFERENCE_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R4:640.B11F:BRO.S0.FB25-11 noRadsBinned CorePlusR4AB14/nTimesTotal
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R4:640.B11F:BRO.S0.FB25-11.C23 cloudMax/Data Fields/Convergence
  volume:=:427
  Units:=:NoUnits
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:R4:640.B11F:BRO.S0.FB25-11.C23 cloudMaxConvergence
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R4:640.B11F:BRO.S0.FB25-11.C23 cloudMax/Data Fields/L2gpPrecision
  volume:=:3020
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:R4:640.B11F:BRO.S0.FB25-11.C23 cloudMaxPrecision
  Units:=:vmr
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R4:640.B11F:BRO.S0.FB25-11.C23 cloudMax/Data Fields/L2gpValue
  volume:=:3020
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:R4:640.B11F:BRO.S0.FB25-11.C23 cloudMax
  Units:=:vmr
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R4:640.B11F:BRO.S0.FB25-11.C23 cloudMax/Data Fields/Quality
  volume:=:427
  Units:=:NoUnits
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:R4:640.B11F:BRO.S0.FB25-11.C23 cloudMaxQuality
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R4:640.B11F:BRO.S0.FB25-11.C23 cloudMax/Data Fields/Status
  volume:=:426
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:R4:640.B11F:BRO.S0.FB25-11.C23 cloudMaxStatus
  Units:=:NoUnits
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R4:640.B11F:BRO.S0.FB25-11.C23 cloudMax/Geolocation Fields/ChunkNumber
  volume:=:1852
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:ChunkNumber
  Units:=:NoUnits
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R4:640.B11F:BRO.S0.FB25-11.C23 cloudMax/Geolocation Fields/Latitude
  volume:=:14322
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
  Title:=:Latitude
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R4:640.B11F:BRO.S0.FB25-11.C23 cloudMax/Geolocation Fields/LineOfSightAngle
  volume:=:13010
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:LineOfSightAngle
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R4:640.B11F:BRO.S0.FB25-11.C23 cloudMax/Geolocation Fields/LocalSolarTime
  volume:=:14074
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:LocalSolarTime
  Units:=:h
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R4:640.B11F:BRO.S0.FB25-11.C23 cloudMax/Geolocation Fields/Longitude
  volume:=:14269
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:Longitude
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R4:640.B11F:BRO.S0.FB25-11.C23 cloudMax/Geolocation Fields/OrbitGeodeticAngle
  volume:=:5868
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:OrbitGeodeticAngle
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R4:640.B11F:BRO.S0.FB25-11.C23 cloudMax/Geolocation Fields/Pressure
  volume:=:148
  _FillValue:=:
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  Title:=:Pressure
  Units:=:hPa
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:Aura-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R4:640.B11F:BRO.S0.FB25-11.C23 cloudMax/Geolocation Fields/SolarZenithAngle
  volume:=:14213
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:SolarZenithAngle
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R4:640.B11F:BRO.S0.FB25-11.C23 cloudMax/Geolocation Fields/Time
  volume:=:19031
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:Time
  Units:=:s
  MissingValue:=:
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:Aura-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R4:640.B11F:BRO.S0.FB25-11.C23 cloudMax/nLevels
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
  REFERENCE_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R4:640.B11F:BRO.S0.FB25-11.C23 cloudMax/nTimes
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
  REFERENCE_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R4:640.B11F:BRO.S0.FB25-11.C23 cloudMax/nTimesTotal
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R4:640.B11F:BRO.S0.FB25-11.C23 cloudMin/Data Fields/Convergence
  volume:=:427
  Units:=:NoUnits
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:R4:640.B11F:BRO.S0.FB25-11.C23 cloudMinConvergence
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R4:640.B11F:BRO.S0.FB25-11.C23 cloudMin/Data Fields/L2gpPrecision
  volume:=:3020
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:R4:640.B11F:BRO.S0.FB25-11.C23 cloudMinPrecision
  Units:=:vmr
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R4:640.B11F:BRO.S0.FB25-11.C23 cloudMin/Data Fields/L2gpValue
  volume:=:3020
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:R4:640.B11F:BRO.S0.FB25-11.C23 cloudMin
  Units:=:vmr
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R4:640.B11F:BRO.S0.FB25-11.C23 cloudMin/Data Fields/Quality
  volume:=:427
  Units:=:NoUnits
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:R4:640.B11F:BRO.S0.FB25-11.C23 cloudMinQuality
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R4:640.B11F:BRO.S0.FB25-11.C23 cloudMin/Data Fields/Status
  volume:=:426
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:R4:640.B11F:BRO.S0.FB25-11.C23 cloudMinStatus
  Units:=:NoUnits
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R4:640.B11F:BRO.S0.FB25-11.C23 cloudMin/Geolocation Fields/ChunkNumber
  volume:=:1852
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:ChunkNumber
  Units:=:NoUnits
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R4:640.B11F:BRO.S0.FB25-11.C23 cloudMin/Geolocation Fields/Latitude
  volume:=:14322
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
  Title:=:Latitude
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R4:640.B11F:BRO.S0.FB25-11.C23 cloudMin/Geolocation Fields/LineOfSightAngle
  volume:=:13010
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:LineOfSightAngle
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R4:640.B11F:BRO.S0.FB25-11.C23 cloudMin/Geolocation Fields/LocalSolarTime
  volume:=:14074
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:LocalSolarTime
  Units:=:h
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R4:640.B11F:BRO.S0.FB25-11.C23 cloudMin/Geolocation Fields/Longitude
  volume:=:14269
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:Longitude
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R4:640.B11F:BRO.S0.FB25-11.C23 cloudMin/Geolocation Fields/OrbitGeodeticAngle
  volume:=:5868
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:OrbitGeodeticAngle
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R4:640.B11F:BRO.S0.FB25-11.C23 cloudMin/Geolocation Fields/Pressure
  volume:=:148
  _FillValue:=:
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  Title:=:Pressure
  Units:=:hPa
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:Aura-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R4:640.B11F:BRO.S0.FB25-11.C23 cloudMin/Geolocation Fields/SolarZenithAngle
  volume:=:14213
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:SolarZenithAngle
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R4:640.B11F:BRO.S0.FB25-11.C23 cloudMin/Geolocation Fields/Time
  volume:=:19031
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:Time
  Units:=:s
  MissingValue:=:
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:Aura-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R4:640.B11F:BRO.S0.FB25-11.C23 cloudMin/nLevels
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
  REFERENCE_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R4:640.B11F:BRO.S0.FB25-11.C23 cloudMin/nTimes
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
  REFERENCE_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R4:640.B11F:BRO.S0.FB25-11.C23 cloudMin/nTimesTotal
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R4:640.B12F:N2O.S4.FB25-12 chisqBinned CorePlusR4B/Data Fields/Convergence
  volume:=:427
  Units:=:NoUnits
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:R4:640.B12F:N2O.S4.FB25-12 chisqBinned CorePlusR4BConvergence
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R4:640.B12F:N2O.S4.FB25-12 chisqBinned CorePlusR4B/Data Fields/L2gpPrecision
  volume:=:3020
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:R4:640.B12F:N2O.S4.FB25-12 chisqBinned CorePlusR4BPrecision
  Units:=:vmr
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R4:640.B12F:N2O.S4.FB25-12 chisqBinned CorePlusR4B/Data Fields/L2gpValue
  volume:=:3020
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:R4:640.B12F:N2O.S4.FB25-12 chisqBinned CorePlusR4B
  Units:=:vmr
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R4:640.B12F:N2O.S4.FB25-12 chisqBinned CorePlusR4B/Data Fields/Quality
  volume:=:427
  Units:=:NoUnits
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:R4:640.B12F:N2O.S4.FB25-12 chisqBinned CorePlusR4BQuality
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R4:640.B12F:N2O.S4.FB25-12 chisqBinned CorePlusR4B/Data Fields/Status
  volume:=:426
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:R4:640.B12F:N2O.S4.FB25-12 chisqBinned CorePlusR4BStatus
  Units:=:NoUnits
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R4:640.B12F:N2O.S4.FB25-12 chisqBinned CorePlusR4B/Geolocation Fields/ChunkNumber
  volume:=:1852
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:ChunkNumber
  Units:=:NoUnits
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R4:640.B12F:N2O.S4.FB25-12 chisqBinned CorePlusR4B/Geolocation Fields/Latitude
  volume:=:14322
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
  Title:=:Latitude
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R4:640.B12F:N2O.S4.FB25-12 chisqBinned CorePlusR4B/Geolocation Fields/LineOfSightAngle
  volume:=:13010
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:LineOfSightAngle
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R4:640.B12F:N2O.S4.FB25-12 chisqBinned CorePlusR4B/Geolocation Fields/LocalSolarTime
  volume:=:14074
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:LocalSolarTime
  Units:=:h
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R4:640.B12F:N2O.S4.FB25-12 chisqBinned CorePlusR4B/Geolocation Fields/Longitude
  volume:=:14269
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:Longitude
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R4:640.B12F:N2O.S4.FB25-12 chisqBinned CorePlusR4B/Geolocation Fields/OrbitGeodeticAngle
  volume:=:5868
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:OrbitGeodeticAngle
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R4:640.B12F:N2O.S4.FB25-12 chisqBinned CorePlusR4B/Geolocation Fields/Pressure
  volume:=:148
  _FillValue:=:
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  Title:=:Pressure
  Units:=:hPa
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:Aura-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R4:640.B12F:N2O.S4.FB25-12 chisqBinned CorePlusR4B/Geolocation Fields/SolarZenithAngle
  volume:=:14213
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:SolarZenithAngle
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R4:640.B12F:N2O.S4.FB25-12 chisqBinned CorePlusR4B/Geolocation Fields/Time
  volume:=:19031
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:Time
  Units:=:s
  MissingValue:=:
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:Aura-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R4:640.B12F:N2O.S4.FB25-12 chisqBinned CorePlusR4B/nLevels
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
  REFERENCE_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R4:640.B12F:N2O.S4.FB25-12 chisqBinned CorePlusR4B/nTimes
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
  REFERENCE_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R4:640.B12F:N2O.S4.FB25-12 chisqBinned CorePlusR4B/nTimesTotal
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R4:640.B12F:N2O.S4.FB25-12 noRadsBinned CorePlusR4B/Data Fields/Convergence
  volume:=:427
  Units:=:NoUnits
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:R4:640.B12F:N2O.S4.FB25-12 noRadsBinned CorePlusR4BConvergence
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R4:640.B12F:N2O.S4.FB25-12 noRadsBinned CorePlusR4B/Data Fields/L2gpPrecision
  volume:=:3020
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:R4:640.B12F:N2O.S4.FB25-12 noRadsBinned CorePlusR4BPrecision
  Units:=:vmr
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R4:640.B12F:N2O.S4.FB25-12 noRadsBinned CorePlusR4B/Data Fields/L2gpValue
  volume:=:3020
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:R4:640.B12F:N2O.S4.FB25-12 noRadsBinned CorePlusR4B
  Units:=:vmr
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R4:640.B12F:N2O.S4.FB25-12 noRadsBinned CorePlusR4B/Data Fields/Quality
  volume:=:427
  Units:=:NoUnits
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:R4:640.B12F:N2O.S4.FB25-12 noRadsBinned CorePlusR4BQuality
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R4:640.B12F:N2O.S4.FB25-12 noRadsBinned CorePlusR4B/Data Fields/Status
  volume:=:426
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:R4:640.B12F:N2O.S4.FB25-12 noRadsBinned CorePlusR4BStatus
  Units:=:NoUnits
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R4:640.B12F:N2O.S4.FB25-12 noRadsBinned CorePlusR4B/Geolocation Fields/ChunkNumber
  volume:=:1852
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:ChunkNumber
  Units:=:NoUnits
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R4:640.B12F:N2O.S4.FB25-12 noRadsBinned CorePlusR4B/Geolocation Fields/Latitude
  volume:=:14322
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
  Title:=:Latitude
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R4:640.B12F:N2O.S4.FB25-12 noRadsBinned CorePlusR4B/Geolocation Fields/LineOfSightAngle
  volume:=:13010
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:LineOfSightAngle
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R4:640.B12F:N2O.S4.FB25-12 noRadsBinned CorePlusR4B/Geolocation Fields/LocalSolarTime
  volume:=:14074
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:LocalSolarTime
  Units:=:h
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R4:640.B12F:N2O.S4.FB25-12 noRadsBinned CorePlusR4B/Geolocation Fields/Longitude
  volume:=:14269
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:Longitude
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R4:640.B12F:N2O.S4.FB25-12 noRadsBinned CorePlusR4B/Geolocation Fields/OrbitGeodeticAngle
  volume:=:5868
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:OrbitGeodeticAngle
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R4:640.B12F:N2O.S4.FB25-12 noRadsBinned CorePlusR4B/Geolocation Fields/Pressure
  volume:=:148
  _FillValue:=:
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  Title:=:Pressure
  Units:=:hPa
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:Aura-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R4:640.B12F:N2O.S4.FB25-12 noRadsBinned CorePlusR4B/Geolocation Fields/SolarZenithAngle
  volume:=:14213
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:SolarZenithAngle
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R4:640.B12F:N2O.S4.FB25-12 noRadsBinned CorePlusR4B/Geolocation Fields/Time
  volume:=:19031
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:Time
  Units:=:s
  MissingValue:=:
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:Aura-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R4:640.B12F:N2O.S4.FB25-12 noRadsBinned CorePlusR4B/nLevels
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
  REFERENCE_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R4:640.B12F:N2O.S4.FB25-12 noRadsBinned CorePlusR4B/nTimes
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
  REFERENCE_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R4:640.B12F:N2O.S4.FB25-12 noRadsBinned CorePlusR4B/nTimesTotal
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R4:640.B13F:HCL.S0.FB25-13 chisqBinned CorePlusR4AB13/Data Fields/Convergence
  volume:=:427
  Units:=:NoUnits
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:R4:640.B13F:HCL.S0.FB25-13 chisqBinned CorePlusR4AB13Convergence
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R4:640.B13F:HCL.S0.FB25-13 chisqBinned CorePlusR4AB13/Data Fields/L2gpPrecision
  volume:=:298764
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:R4:640.B13F:HCL.S0.FB25-13 chisqBinned CorePlusR4AB13Precision
  Units:=:vmr
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R4:640.B13F:HCL.S0.FB25-13 chisqBinned CorePlusR4AB13/Data Fields/L2gpValue
  volume:=:298444
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:R4:640.B13F:HCL.S0.FB25-13 chisqBinned CorePlusR4AB13
  Units:=:vmr
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R4:640.B13F:HCL.S0.FB25-13 chisqBinned CorePlusR4AB13/Data Fields/Quality
  volume:=:427
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:R4:640.B13F:HCL.S0.FB25-13 chisqBinned CorePlusR4AB13Quality
  Units:=:NoUnits
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R4:640.B13F:HCL.S0.FB25-13 chisqBinned CorePlusR4AB13/Data Fields/Status
  volume:=:426
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:R4:640.B13F:HCL.S0.FB25-13 chisqBinned CorePlusR4AB13Status
  Units:=:NoUnits
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R4:640.B13F:HCL.S0.FB25-13 chisqBinned CorePlusR4AB13/Geolocation Fields/ChunkNumber
  volume:=:1852
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:ChunkNumber
  Units:=:NoUnits
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R4:640.B13F:HCL.S0.FB25-13 chisqBinned CorePlusR4AB13/Geolocation Fields/Latitude
  volume:=:14322
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
  Title:=:Latitude
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R4:640.B13F:HCL.S0.FB25-13 chisqBinned CorePlusR4AB13/Geolocation Fields/LineOfSightAngle
  volume:=:13010
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:LineOfSightAngle
  Units:=:deg
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R4:640.B13F:HCL.S0.FB25-13 chisqBinned CorePlusR4AB13/Geolocation Fields/LocalSolarTime
  volume:=:14074
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:LocalSolarTime
  Units:=:h
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R4:640.B13F:HCL.S0.FB25-13 chisqBinned CorePlusR4AB13/Geolocation Fields/Longitude
  volume:=:14269
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:Longitude
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R4:640.B13F:HCL.S0.FB25-13 chisqBinned CorePlusR4AB13/Geolocation Fields/OrbitGeodeticAngle
  volume:=:5868
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:OrbitGeodeticAngle
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R4:640.B13F:HCL.S0.FB25-13 chisqBinned CorePlusR4AB13/Geolocation Fields/Pressure
  volume:=:148
  _FillValue:=:
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  Title:=:Pressure
  Units:=:hPa
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:Aura-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R4:640.B13F:HCL.S0.FB25-13 chisqBinned CorePlusR4AB13/Geolocation Fields/SolarZenithAngle
  volume:=:14213
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:SolarZenithAngle
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R4:640.B13F:HCL.S0.FB25-13 chisqBinned CorePlusR4AB13/Geolocation Fields/Time
  volume:=:19031
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:Time
  Units:=:s
  MissingValue:=:
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:Aura-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R4:640.B13F:HCL.S0.FB25-13 chisqBinned CorePlusR4AB13/nLevels
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
  REFERENCE_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R4:640.B13F:HCL.S0.FB25-13 chisqBinned CorePlusR4AB13/nTimes
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
  REFERENCE_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R4:640.B13F:HCL.S0.FB25-13 chisqBinned CorePlusR4AB13/nTimesTotal
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R4:640.B13F:HCL.S0.FB25-13 noRadsBinned CorePlusR4AB13/Data Fields/Convergence
  volume:=:427
  Units:=:NoUnits
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:R4:640.B13F:HCL.S0.FB25-13 noRadsBinned CorePlusR4AB13Convergence
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R4:640.B13F:HCL.S0.FB25-13 noRadsBinned CorePlusR4AB13/Data Fields/L2gpPrecision
  volume:=:3020
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:R4:640.B13F:HCL.S0.FB25-13 noRadsBinned CorePlusR4AB13Precision
  Units:=:vmr
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R4:640.B13F:HCL.S0.FB25-13 noRadsBinned CorePlusR4AB13/Data Fields/L2gpValue
  volume:=:39130
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:R4:640.B13F:HCL.S0.FB25-13 noRadsBinned CorePlusR4AB13
  Units:=:vmr
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R4:640.B13F:HCL.S0.FB25-13 noRadsBinned CorePlusR4AB13/Data Fields/Quality
  volume:=:427
  _FillValue:=:
  Units:=:NoUnits
  Title:=:R4:640.B13F:HCL.S0.FB25-13 noRadsBinned CorePlusR4AB13Quality
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R4:640.B13F:HCL.S0.FB25-13 noRadsBinned CorePlusR4AB13/Data Fields/Status
  volume:=:426
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:R4:640.B13F:HCL.S0.FB25-13 noRadsBinned CorePlusR4AB13Status
  Units:=:NoUnits
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R4:640.B13F:HCL.S0.FB25-13 noRadsBinned CorePlusR4AB13/Geolocation Fields/ChunkNumber
  volume:=:1852
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:ChunkNumber
  Units:=:NoUnits
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R4:640.B13F:HCL.S0.FB25-13 noRadsBinned CorePlusR4AB13/Geolocation Fields/Latitude
  volume:=:14322
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
  Title:=:Latitude
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R4:640.B13F:HCL.S0.FB25-13 noRadsBinned CorePlusR4AB13/Geolocation Fields/LineOfSightAngle
  volume:=:13010
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:LineOfSightAngle
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R4:640.B13F:HCL.S0.FB25-13 noRadsBinned CorePlusR4AB13/Geolocation Fields/LocalSolarTime
  volume:=:14074
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:LocalSolarTime
  Units:=:h
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R4:640.B13F:HCL.S0.FB25-13 noRadsBinned CorePlusR4AB13/Geolocation Fields/Longitude
  volume:=:14269
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:Longitude
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R4:640.B13F:HCL.S0.FB25-13 noRadsBinned CorePlusR4AB13/Geolocation Fields/OrbitGeodeticAngle
  volume:=:5868
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:OrbitGeodeticAngle
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R4:640.B13F:HCL.S0.FB25-13 noRadsBinned CorePlusR4AB13/Geolocation Fields/Pressure
  volume:=:148
  _FillValue:=:
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  Title:=:Pressure
  Units:=:hPa
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:Aura-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R4:640.B13F:HCL.S0.FB25-13 noRadsBinned CorePlusR4AB13/Geolocation Fields/SolarZenithAngle
  volume:=:14213
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:SolarZenithAngle
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R4:640.B13F:HCL.S0.FB25-13 noRadsBinned CorePlusR4AB13/Geolocation Fields/Time
  volume:=:19031
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:Time
  Units:=:s
  MissingValue:=:
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:Aura-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R4:640.B13F:HCL.S0.FB25-13 noRadsBinned CorePlusR4AB13/nLevels
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
  REFERENCE_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R4:640.B13F:HCL.S0.FB25-13 noRadsBinned CorePlusR4AB13/nTimes
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
  REFERENCE_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R4:640.B13F:HCL.S0.FB25-13 noRadsBinned CorePlusR4AB13/nTimesTotal
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R4:640.B14F:O3.S0.FB25-14 chisqBinned CorePlusR4AB13/Data Fields/Convergence
  volume:=:427
  Units:=:NoUnits
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:R4:640.B14F:O3.S0.FB25-14 chisqBinned CorePlusR4AB13Convergence
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R4:640.B14F:O3.S0.FB25-14 chisqBinned CorePlusR4AB13/Data Fields/L2gpPrecision
  volume:=:298152
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:R4:640.B14F:O3.S0.FB25-14 chisqBinned CorePlusR4AB13Precision
  Units:=:vmr
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R4:640.B14F:O3.S0.FB25-14 chisqBinned CorePlusR4AB13/Data Fields/L2gpValue
  volume:=:297891
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:R4:640.B14F:O3.S0.FB25-14 chisqBinned CorePlusR4AB13
  Units:=:vmr
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R4:640.B14F:O3.S0.FB25-14 chisqBinned CorePlusR4AB13/Data Fields/Quality
  volume:=:427
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:R4:640.B14F:O3.S0.FB25-14 chisqBinned CorePlusR4AB13Quality
  Units:=:NoUnits
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R4:640.B14F:O3.S0.FB25-14 chisqBinned CorePlusR4AB13/Data Fields/Status
  volume:=:426
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:R4:640.B14F:O3.S0.FB25-14 chisqBinned CorePlusR4AB13Status
  Units:=:NoUnits
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R4:640.B14F:O3.S0.FB25-14 chisqBinned CorePlusR4AB13/Geolocation Fields/ChunkNumber
  volume:=:1852
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:ChunkNumber
  Units:=:NoUnits
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R4:640.B14F:O3.S0.FB25-14 chisqBinned CorePlusR4AB13/Geolocation Fields/Latitude
  volume:=:14322
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:Latitude
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R4:640.B14F:O3.S0.FB25-14 chisqBinned CorePlusR4AB13/Geolocation Fields/LineOfSightAngle
  volume:=:13010
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:LineOfSightAngle
  Units:=:deg
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R4:640.B14F:O3.S0.FB25-14 chisqBinned CorePlusR4AB13/Geolocation Fields/LocalSolarTime
  volume:=:14074
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:LocalSolarTime
  Units:=:h
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R4:640.B14F:O3.S0.FB25-14 chisqBinned CorePlusR4AB13/Geolocation Fields/Longitude
  volume:=:14269
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:Longitude
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R4:640.B14F:O3.S0.FB25-14 chisqBinned CorePlusR4AB13/Geolocation Fields/OrbitGeodeticAngle
  volume:=:5868
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:OrbitGeodeticAngle
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R4:640.B14F:O3.S0.FB25-14 chisqBinned CorePlusR4AB13/Geolocation Fields/Pressure
  volume:=:148
  _FillValue:=:
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  Title:=:Pressure
  Units:=:hPa
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:Aura-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R4:640.B14F:O3.S0.FB25-14 chisqBinned CorePlusR4AB13/Geolocation Fields/SolarZenithAngle
  volume:=:14213
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:SolarZenithAngle
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R4:640.B14F:O3.S0.FB25-14 chisqBinned CorePlusR4AB13/Geolocation Fields/Time
  volume:=:19031
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:Time
  Units:=:s
  MissingValue:=:
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:Aura-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R4:640.B14F:O3.S0.FB25-14 chisqBinned CorePlusR4AB13/nLevels
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
  REFERENCE_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R4:640.B14F:O3.S0.FB25-14 chisqBinned CorePlusR4AB13/nTimes
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
  REFERENCE_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R4:640.B14F:O3.S0.FB25-14 chisqBinned CorePlusR4AB13/nTimesTotal
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R4:640.B14F:O3.S0.FB25-14 chisqBinned CorePlusR4AB14/Data Fields/Convergence
  volume:=:427
  Units:=:NoUnits
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:R4:640.B14F:O3.S0.FB25-14 chisqBinned CorePlusR4AB14Convergence
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R4:640.B14F:O3.S0.FB25-14 chisqBinned CorePlusR4AB14/Data Fields/L2gpPrecision
  volume:=:298468
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:R4:640.B14F:O3.S0.FB25-14 chisqBinned CorePlusR4AB14Precision
  Units:=:vmr
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R4:640.B14F:O3.S0.FB25-14 chisqBinned CorePlusR4AB14/Data Fields/L2gpValue
  volume:=:298732
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:R4:640.B14F:O3.S0.FB25-14 chisqBinned CorePlusR4AB14
  Units:=:vmr
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R4:640.B14F:O3.S0.FB25-14 chisqBinned CorePlusR4AB14/Data Fields/Quality
  volume:=:427
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:R4:640.B14F:O3.S0.FB25-14 chisqBinned CorePlusR4AB14Quality
  Units:=:NoUnits
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R4:640.B14F:O3.S0.FB25-14 chisqBinned CorePlusR4AB14/Data Fields/Status
  volume:=:426
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:R4:640.B14F:O3.S0.FB25-14 chisqBinned CorePlusR4AB14Status
  Units:=:NoUnits
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R4:640.B14F:O3.S0.FB25-14 chisqBinned CorePlusR4AB14/Geolocation Fields/ChunkNumber
  volume:=:1852
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:ChunkNumber
  Units:=:NoUnits
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R4:640.B14F:O3.S0.FB25-14 chisqBinned CorePlusR4AB14/Geolocation Fields/Latitude
  volume:=:14322
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
  Title:=:Latitude
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R4:640.B14F:O3.S0.FB25-14 chisqBinned CorePlusR4AB14/Geolocation Fields/LineOfSightAngle
  volume:=:13010
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:LineOfSightAngle
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R4:640.B14F:O3.S0.FB25-14 chisqBinned CorePlusR4AB14/Geolocation Fields/LocalSolarTime
  volume:=:14074
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:LocalSolarTime
  Units:=:h
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R4:640.B14F:O3.S0.FB25-14 chisqBinned CorePlusR4AB14/Geolocation Fields/Longitude
  volume:=:14269
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:Longitude
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R4:640.B14F:O3.S0.FB25-14 chisqBinned CorePlusR4AB14/Geolocation Fields/OrbitGeodeticAngle
  volume:=:5868
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:OrbitGeodeticAngle
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R4:640.B14F:O3.S0.FB25-14 chisqBinned CorePlusR4AB14/Geolocation Fields/Pressure
  volume:=:148
  _FillValue:=:
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  Title:=:Pressure
  Units:=:hPa
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:Aura-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R4:640.B14F:O3.S0.FB25-14 chisqBinned CorePlusR4AB14/Geolocation Fields/SolarZenithAngle
  volume:=:14213
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:SolarZenithAngle
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R4:640.B14F:O3.S0.FB25-14 chisqBinned CorePlusR4AB14/Geolocation Fields/Time
  volume:=:19031
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:Time
  Units:=:s
  MissingValue:=:
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:Aura-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R4:640.B14F:O3.S0.FB25-14 chisqBinned CorePlusR4AB14/nLevels
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
  REFERENCE_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R4:640.B14F:O3.S0.FB25-14 chisqBinned CorePlusR4AB14/nTimes
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
  REFERENCE_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R4:640.B14F:O3.S0.FB25-14 chisqBinned CorePlusR4AB14/nTimesTotal
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R4:640.B14F:O3.S0.FB25-14 noRadsBinned CorePlusR4AB13/Data Fields/Convergence
  volume:=:427
  Units:=:NoUnits
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:R4:640.B14F:O3.S0.FB25-14 noRadsBinned CorePlusR4AB13Convergence
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R4:640.B14F:O3.S0.FB25-14 noRadsBinned CorePlusR4AB13/Data Fields/L2gpPrecision
  volume:=:3020
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:R4:640.B14F:O3.S0.FB25-14 noRadsBinned CorePlusR4AB13Precision
  Units:=:vmr
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R4:640.B14F:O3.S0.FB25-14 noRadsBinned CorePlusR4AB13/Data Fields/L2gpValue
  volume:=:39130
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:R4:640.B14F:O3.S0.FB25-14 noRadsBinned CorePlusR4AB13
  Units:=:vmr
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R4:640.B14F:O3.S0.FB25-14 noRadsBinned CorePlusR4AB13/Data Fields/Quality
  volume:=:427
  _FillValue:=:
  Units:=:NoUnits
  Title:=:R4:640.B14F:O3.S0.FB25-14 noRadsBinned CorePlusR4AB13Quality
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R4:640.B14F:O3.S0.FB25-14 noRadsBinned CorePlusR4AB13/Data Fields/Status
  volume:=:426
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:R4:640.B14F:O3.S0.FB25-14 noRadsBinned CorePlusR4AB13Status
  Units:=:NoUnits
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R4:640.B14F:O3.S0.FB25-14 noRadsBinned CorePlusR4AB13/Geolocation Fields/ChunkNumber
  volume:=:1852
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:ChunkNumber
  Units:=:NoUnits
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R4:640.B14F:O3.S0.FB25-14 noRadsBinned CorePlusR4AB13/Geolocation Fields/Latitude
  volume:=:14322
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
  Title:=:Latitude
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R4:640.B14F:O3.S0.FB25-14 noRadsBinned CorePlusR4AB13/Geolocation Fields/LineOfSightAngle
  volume:=:13010
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:LineOfSightAngle
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R4:640.B14F:O3.S0.FB25-14 noRadsBinned CorePlusR4AB13/Geolocation Fields/LocalSolarTime
  volume:=:14074
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:LocalSolarTime
  Units:=:h
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R4:640.B14F:O3.S0.FB25-14 noRadsBinned CorePlusR4AB13/Geolocation Fields/Longitude
  volume:=:14269
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:Longitude
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R4:640.B14F:O3.S0.FB25-14 noRadsBinned CorePlusR4AB13/Geolocation Fields/OrbitGeodeticAngle
  volume:=:5868
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:OrbitGeodeticAngle
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R4:640.B14F:O3.S0.FB25-14 noRadsBinned CorePlusR4AB13/Geolocation Fields/Pressure
  volume:=:148
  _FillValue:=:
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  Title:=:Pressure
  Units:=:hPa
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:Aura-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R4:640.B14F:O3.S0.FB25-14 noRadsBinned CorePlusR4AB13/Geolocation Fields/SolarZenithAngle
  volume:=:14213
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:SolarZenithAngle
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R4:640.B14F:O3.S0.FB25-14 noRadsBinned CorePlusR4AB13/Geolocation Fields/Time
  volume:=:19031
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:Time
  Units:=:s
  MissingValue:=:
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:Aura-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R4:640.B14F:O3.S0.FB25-14 noRadsBinned CorePlusR4AB13/nLevels
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
  REFERENCE_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R4:640.B14F:O3.S0.FB25-14 noRadsBinned CorePlusR4AB13/nTimes
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
  REFERENCE_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R4:640.B14F:O3.S0.FB25-14 noRadsBinned CorePlusR4AB13/nTimesTotal
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R4:640.B14F:O3.S0.FB25-14 noRadsBinned CorePlusR4AB14/Data Fields/Convergence
  volume:=:427
  Units:=:NoUnits
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:R4:640.B14F:O3.S0.FB25-14 noRadsBinned CorePlusR4AB14Convergence
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R4:640.B14F:O3.S0.FB25-14 noRadsBinned CorePlusR4AB14/Data Fields/L2gpPrecision
  volume:=:3020
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:R4:640.B14F:O3.S0.FB25-14 noRadsBinned CorePlusR4AB14Precision
  Units:=:vmr
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R4:640.B14F:O3.S0.FB25-14 noRadsBinned CorePlusR4AB14/Data Fields/L2gpValue
  volume:=:39129
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:R4:640.B14F:O3.S0.FB25-14 noRadsBinned CorePlusR4AB14
  Units:=:vmr
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R4:640.B14F:O3.S0.FB25-14 noRadsBinned CorePlusR4AB14/Data Fields/Quality
  volume:=:427
  _FillValue:=:
  Units:=:NoUnits
  Title:=:R4:640.B14F:O3.S0.FB25-14 noRadsBinned CorePlusR4AB14Quality
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R4:640.B14F:O3.S0.FB25-14 noRadsBinned CorePlusR4AB14/Data Fields/Status
  volume:=:426
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:R4:640.B14F:O3.S0.FB25-14 noRadsBinned CorePlusR4AB14Status
  Units:=:NoUnits
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R4:640.B14F:O3.S0.FB25-14 noRadsBinned CorePlusR4AB14/Geolocation Fields/ChunkNumber
  volume:=:1852
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:ChunkNumber
  Units:=:NoUnits
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R4:640.B14F:O3.S0.FB25-14 noRadsBinned CorePlusR4AB14/Geolocation Fields/Latitude
  volume:=:14322
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
  Title:=:Latitude
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R4:640.B14F:O3.S0.FB25-14 noRadsBinned CorePlusR4AB14/Geolocation Fields/LineOfSightAngle
  volume:=:13010
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:LineOfSightAngle
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R4:640.B14F:O3.S0.FB25-14 noRadsBinned CorePlusR4AB14/Geolocation Fields/LocalSolarTime
  volume:=:14074
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:LocalSolarTime
  Units:=:h
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R4:640.B14F:O3.S0.FB25-14 noRadsBinned CorePlusR4AB14/Geolocation Fields/Longitude
  volume:=:14269
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:Longitude
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R4:640.B14F:O3.S0.FB25-14 noRadsBinned CorePlusR4AB14/Geolocation Fields/OrbitGeodeticAngle
  volume:=:5868
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:OrbitGeodeticAngle
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R4:640.B14F:O3.S0.FB25-14 noRadsBinned CorePlusR4AB14/Geolocation Fields/Pressure
  volume:=:148
  _FillValue:=:
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  Title:=:Pressure
  Units:=:hPa
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:Aura-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R4:640.B14F:O3.S0.FB25-14 noRadsBinned CorePlusR4AB14/Geolocation Fields/SolarZenithAngle
  volume:=:14213
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:SolarZenithAngle
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R4:640.B14F:O3.S0.FB25-14 noRadsBinned CorePlusR4AB14/Geolocation Fields/Time
  volume:=:19031
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:Time
  Units:=:s
  MissingValue:=:
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:Aura-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R4:640.B14F:O3.S0.FB25-14 noRadsBinned CorePlusR4AB14/nLevels
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
  REFERENCE_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R4:640.B14F:O3.S0.FB25-14 noRadsBinned CorePlusR4AB14/nTimes
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
  REFERENCE_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R4:640.B14F:O3.S0.FB25-14 noRadsBinned CorePlusR4AB14/nTimesTotal
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R4:640.B28M:HO2.S0.MB11-2 chisqBinned CorePlusR4AB14/Data Fields/Convergence
  volume:=:427
  Units:=:NoUnits
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:R4:640.B28M:HO2.S0.MB11-2 chisqBinned CorePlusR4AB14Convergence
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R4:640.B28M:HO2.S0.MB11-2 chisqBinned CorePlusR4AB14/Data Fields/L2gpPrecision
  volume:=:301729
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:R4:640.B28M:HO2.S0.MB11-2 chisqBinned CorePlusR4AB14Precision
  Units:=:vmr
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R4:640.B28M:HO2.S0.MB11-2 chisqBinned CorePlusR4AB14/Data Fields/L2gpValue
  volume:=:299046
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:R4:640.B28M:HO2.S0.MB11-2 chisqBinned CorePlusR4AB14
  Units:=:vmr
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R4:640.B28M:HO2.S0.MB11-2 chisqBinned CorePlusR4AB14/Data Fields/Quality
  volume:=:427
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:R4:640.B28M:HO2.S0.MB11-2 chisqBinned CorePlusR4AB14Quality
  Units:=:NoUnits
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R4:640.B28M:HO2.S0.MB11-2 chisqBinned CorePlusR4AB14/Data Fields/Status
  volume:=:426
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:R4:640.B28M:HO2.S0.MB11-2 chisqBinned CorePlusR4AB14Status
  Units:=:NoUnits
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R4:640.B28M:HO2.S0.MB11-2 chisqBinned CorePlusR4AB14/Geolocation Fields/ChunkNumber
  volume:=:1852
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:ChunkNumber
  Units:=:NoUnits
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R4:640.B28M:HO2.S0.MB11-2 chisqBinned CorePlusR4AB14/Geolocation Fields/Latitude
  volume:=:14322
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
  Title:=:Latitude
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R4:640.B28M:HO2.S0.MB11-2 chisqBinned CorePlusR4AB14/Geolocation Fields/LineOfSightAngle
  volume:=:13010
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:LineOfSightAngle
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R4:640.B28M:HO2.S0.MB11-2 chisqBinned CorePlusR4AB14/Geolocation Fields/LocalSolarTime
  volume:=:14074
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:LocalSolarTime
  Units:=:h
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R4:640.B28M:HO2.S0.MB11-2 chisqBinned CorePlusR4AB14/Geolocation Fields/Longitude
  volume:=:14269
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:Longitude
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R4:640.B28M:HO2.S0.MB11-2 chisqBinned CorePlusR4AB14/Geolocation Fields/OrbitGeodeticAngle
  volume:=:5868
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:OrbitGeodeticAngle
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R4:640.B28M:HO2.S0.MB11-2 chisqBinned CorePlusR4AB14/Geolocation Fields/Pressure
  volume:=:148
  _FillValue:=:
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  Title:=:Pressure
  Units:=:hPa
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:Aura-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R4:640.B28M:HO2.S0.MB11-2 chisqBinned CorePlusR4AB14/Geolocation Fields/SolarZenithAngle
  volume:=:14213
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:SolarZenithAngle
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R4:640.B28M:HO2.S0.MB11-2 chisqBinned CorePlusR4AB14/Geolocation Fields/Time
  volume:=:19031
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:Time
  Units:=:s
  MissingValue:=:
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:Aura-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R4:640.B28M:HO2.S0.MB11-2 chisqBinned CorePlusR4AB14/nLevels
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
  REFERENCE_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R4:640.B28M:HO2.S0.MB11-2 chisqBinned CorePlusR4AB14/nTimes
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
  REFERENCE_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R4:640.B28M:HO2.S0.MB11-2 chisqBinned CorePlusR4AB14/nTimesTotal
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R4:640.B28M:HO2.S0.MB11-2 noRadsBinned CorePlusR4AB14/Data Fields/Convergence
  volume:=:427
  Units:=:NoUnits
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:R4:640.B28M:HO2.S0.MB11-2 noRadsBinned CorePlusR4AB14Convergence
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R4:640.B28M:HO2.S0.MB11-2 noRadsBinned CorePlusR4AB14/Data Fields/L2gpPrecision
  volume:=:3020
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:R4:640.B28M:HO2.S0.MB11-2 noRadsBinned CorePlusR4AB14Precision
  Units:=:vmr
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R4:640.B28M:HO2.S0.MB11-2 noRadsBinned CorePlusR4AB14/Data Fields/L2gpValue
  volume:=:38849
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:R4:640.B28M:HO2.S0.MB11-2 noRadsBinned CorePlusR4AB14
  Units:=:vmr
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R4:640.B28M:HO2.S0.MB11-2 noRadsBinned CorePlusR4AB14/Data Fields/Quality
  volume:=:427
  _FillValue:=:
  Units:=:NoUnits
  Title:=:R4:640.B28M:HO2.S0.MB11-2 noRadsBinned CorePlusR4AB14Quality
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R4:640.B28M:HO2.S0.MB11-2 noRadsBinned CorePlusR4AB14/Data Fields/Status
  volume:=:426
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:R4:640.B28M:HO2.S0.MB11-2 noRadsBinned CorePlusR4AB14Status
  Units:=:NoUnits
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R4:640.B28M:HO2.S0.MB11-2 noRadsBinned CorePlusR4AB14/Geolocation Fields/ChunkNumber
  volume:=:1852
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:ChunkNumber
  Units:=:NoUnits
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R4:640.B28M:HO2.S0.MB11-2 noRadsBinned CorePlusR4AB14/Geolocation Fields/Latitude
  volume:=:14322
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
  Title:=:Latitude
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R4:640.B28M:HO2.S0.MB11-2 noRadsBinned CorePlusR4AB14/Geolocation Fields/LineOfSightAngle
  volume:=:13010
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:LineOfSightAngle
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R4:640.B28M:HO2.S0.MB11-2 noRadsBinned CorePlusR4AB14/Geolocation Fields/LocalSolarTime
  volume:=:14074
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:LocalSolarTime
  Units:=:h
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R4:640.B28M:HO2.S0.MB11-2 noRadsBinned CorePlusR4AB14/Geolocation Fields/Longitude
  volume:=:14269
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:Longitude
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R4:640.B28M:HO2.S0.MB11-2 noRadsBinned CorePlusR4AB14/Geolocation Fields/OrbitGeodeticAngle
  volume:=:5868
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:OrbitGeodeticAngle
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R4:640.B28M:HO2.S0.MB11-2 noRadsBinned CorePlusR4AB14/Geolocation Fields/Pressure
  volume:=:148
  _FillValue:=:
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  Title:=:Pressure
  Units:=:hPa
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:Aura-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R4:640.B28M:HO2.S0.MB11-2 noRadsBinned CorePlusR4AB14/Geolocation Fields/SolarZenithAngle
  volume:=:14213
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:SolarZenithAngle
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R4:640.B28M:HO2.S0.MB11-2 noRadsBinned CorePlusR4AB14/Geolocation Fields/Time
  volume:=:19031
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:Time
  Units:=:s
  MissingValue:=:
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:Aura-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R4:640.B28M:HO2.S0.MB11-2 noRadsBinned CorePlusR4AB14/nLevels
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
  REFERENCE_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R4:640.B28M:HO2.S0.MB11-2 noRadsBinned CorePlusR4AB14/nTimes
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
  REFERENCE_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R4:640.B28M:HO2.S0.MB11-2 noRadsBinned CorePlusR4AB14/nTimesTotal
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R4:640.B29M:HOCL.S0.MB11-3 chisqBinned CorePlusR4AB14/Data Fields/Convergence
  volume:=:427
  Units:=:NoUnits
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:R4:640.B29M:HOCL.S0.MB11-3 chisqBinned CorePlusR4AB14Convergence
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R4:640.B29M:HOCL.S0.MB11-3 chisqBinned CorePlusR4AB14/Data Fields/L2gpPrecision
  volume:=:302632
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:R4:640.B29M:HOCL.S0.MB11-3 chisqBinned CorePlusR4AB14Precision
  Units:=:vmr
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R4:640.B29M:HOCL.S0.MB11-3 chisqBinned CorePlusR4AB14/Data Fields/L2gpValue
  volume:=:299549
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:R4:640.B29M:HOCL.S0.MB11-3 chisqBinned CorePlusR4AB14
  Units:=:vmr
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R4:640.B29M:HOCL.S0.MB11-3 chisqBinned CorePlusR4AB14/Data Fields/Quality
  volume:=:427
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:R4:640.B29M:HOCL.S0.MB11-3 chisqBinned CorePlusR4AB14Quality
  Units:=:NoUnits
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R4:640.B29M:HOCL.S0.MB11-3 chisqBinned CorePlusR4AB14/Data Fields/Status
  volume:=:426
  _FillValue:=:
  Units:=:NoUnits
  Title:=:R4:640.B29M:HOCL.S0.MB11-3 chisqBinned CorePlusR4AB14Status
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R4:640.B29M:HOCL.S0.MB11-3 chisqBinned CorePlusR4AB14/Geolocation Fields/ChunkNumber
  volume:=:1852
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:ChunkNumber
  Units:=:NoUnits
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R4:640.B29M:HOCL.S0.MB11-3 chisqBinned CorePlusR4AB14/Geolocation Fields/Latitude
  volume:=:14322
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
  Title:=:Latitude
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R4:640.B29M:HOCL.S0.MB11-3 chisqBinned CorePlusR4AB14/Geolocation Fields/LineOfSightAngle
  volume:=:13010
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:LineOfSightAngle
  Units:=:deg
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R4:640.B29M:HOCL.S0.MB11-3 chisqBinned CorePlusR4AB14/Geolocation Fields/LocalSolarTime
  volume:=:14074
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:LocalSolarTime
  Units:=:h
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R4:640.B29M:HOCL.S0.MB11-3 chisqBinned CorePlusR4AB14/Geolocation Fields/Longitude
  volume:=:14269
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:Longitude
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R4:640.B29M:HOCL.S0.MB11-3 chisqBinned CorePlusR4AB14/Geolocation Fields/OrbitGeodeticAngle
  volume:=:5868
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:OrbitGeodeticAngle
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R4:640.B29M:HOCL.S0.MB11-3 chisqBinned CorePlusR4AB14/Geolocation Fields/Pressure
  volume:=:148
  _FillValue:=:
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  Title:=:Pressure
  Units:=:hPa
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:Aura-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R4:640.B29M:HOCL.S0.MB11-3 chisqBinned CorePlusR4AB14/Geolocation Fields/SolarZenithAngle
  volume:=:14213
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:SolarZenithAngle
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R4:640.B29M:HOCL.S0.MB11-3 chisqBinned CorePlusR4AB14/Geolocation Fields/Time
  volume:=:19031
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:Time
  Units:=:s
  MissingValue:=:
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:Aura-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R4:640.B29M:HOCL.S0.MB11-3 chisqBinned CorePlusR4AB14/nLevels
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
  REFERENCE_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R4:640.B29M:HOCL.S0.MB11-3 chisqBinned CorePlusR4AB14/nTimes
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
  REFERENCE_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R4:640.B29M:HOCL.S0.MB11-3 chisqBinned CorePlusR4AB14/nTimesTotal
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R4:640.B29M:HOCL.S0.MB11-3 noRadsBinned CorePlusR4AB14/Data Fields/Convergence
  volume:=:427
  Units:=:NoUnits
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:R4:640.B29M:HOCL.S0.MB11-3 noRadsBinned CorePlusR4AB14Convergence
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R4:640.B29M:HOCL.S0.MB11-3 noRadsBinned CorePlusR4AB14/Data Fields/L2gpPrecision
  volume:=:3020
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:R4:640.B29M:HOCL.S0.MB11-3 noRadsBinned CorePlusR4AB14Precision
  Units:=:vmr
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R4:640.B29M:HOCL.S0.MB11-3 noRadsBinned CorePlusR4AB14/Data Fields/L2gpValue
  volume:=:39235
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:R4:640.B29M:HOCL.S0.MB11-3 noRadsBinned CorePlusR4AB14
  Units:=:vmr
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R4:640.B29M:HOCL.S0.MB11-3 noRadsBinned CorePlusR4AB14/Data Fields/Quality
  volume:=:427
  _FillValue:=:
  Units:=:NoUnits
  Title:=:R4:640.B29M:HOCL.S0.MB11-3 noRadsBinned CorePlusR4AB14Quality
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R4:640.B29M:HOCL.S0.MB11-3 noRadsBinned CorePlusR4AB14/Data Fields/Status
  volume:=:426
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:R4:640.B29M:HOCL.S0.MB11-3 noRadsBinned CorePlusR4AB14Status
  Units:=:NoUnits
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R4:640.B29M:HOCL.S0.MB11-3 noRadsBinned CorePlusR4AB14/Geolocation Fields/ChunkNumber
  volume:=:1852
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:ChunkNumber
  Units:=:NoUnits
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R4:640.B29M:HOCL.S0.MB11-3 noRadsBinned CorePlusR4AB14/Geolocation Fields/Latitude
  volume:=:14322
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
  Title:=:Latitude
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R4:640.B29M:HOCL.S0.MB11-3 noRadsBinned CorePlusR4AB14/Geolocation Fields/LineOfSightAngle
  volume:=:13010
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:LineOfSightAngle
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R4:640.B29M:HOCL.S0.MB11-3 noRadsBinned CorePlusR4AB14/Geolocation Fields/LocalSolarTime
  volume:=:14074
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:LocalSolarTime
  Units:=:h
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R4:640.B29M:HOCL.S0.MB11-3 noRadsBinned CorePlusR4AB14/Geolocation Fields/Longitude
  volume:=:14269
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:Longitude
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R4:640.B29M:HOCL.S0.MB11-3 noRadsBinned CorePlusR4AB14/Geolocation Fields/OrbitGeodeticAngle
  volume:=:5868
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:OrbitGeodeticAngle
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R4:640.B29M:HOCL.S0.MB11-3 noRadsBinned CorePlusR4AB14/Geolocation Fields/Pressure
  volume:=:148
  _FillValue:=:
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  Title:=:Pressure
  Units:=:hPa
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:Aura-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R4:640.B29M:HOCL.S0.MB11-3 noRadsBinned CorePlusR4AB14/Geolocation Fields/SolarZenithAngle
  volume:=:14213
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:SolarZenithAngle
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R4:640.B29M:HOCL.S0.MB11-3 noRadsBinned CorePlusR4AB14/Geolocation Fields/Time
  volume:=:19031
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:Time
  Units:=:s
  MissingValue:=:
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:Aura-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R4:640.B29M:HOCL.S0.MB11-3 noRadsBinned CorePlusR4AB14/nLevels
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
  REFERENCE_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R4:640.B29M:HOCL.S0.MB11-3 noRadsBinned CorePlusR4AB14/nTimes
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
  REFERENCE_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R4:640.B29M:HOCL.S0.MB11-3 noRadsBinned CorePlusR4AB14/nTimesTotal
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R4:640.B30M:HO2.S0.MB11-4 chisqBinned CorePlusR4AB14/Data Fields/Convergence
  volume:=:427
  Units:=:NoUnits
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:R4:640.B30M:HO2.S0.MB11-4 chisqBinned CorePlusR4AB14Convergence
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R4:640.B30M:HO2.S0.MB11-4 chisqBinned CorePlusR4AB14/Data Fields/L2gpPrecision
  volume:=:300844
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:R4:640.B30M:HO2.S0.MB11-4 chisqBinned CorePlusR4AB14Precision
  Units:=:vmr
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R4:640.B30M:HO2.S0.MB11-4 chisqBinned CorePlusR4AB14/Data Fields/L2gpValue
  volume:=:298761
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:R4:640.B30M:HO2.S0.MB11-4 chisqBinned CorePlusR4AB14
  Units:=:vmr
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R4:640.B30M:HO2.S0.MB11-4 chisqBinned CorePlusR4AB14/Data Fields/Quality
  volume:=:427
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:R4:640.B30M:HO2.S0.MB11-4 chisqBinned CorePlusR4AB14Quality
  Units:=:NoUnits
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R4:640.B30M:HO2.S0.MB11-4 chisqBinned CorePlusR4AB14/Data Fields/Status
  volume:=:426
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:R4:640.B30M:HO2.S0.MB11-4 chisqBinned CorePlusR4AB14Status
  Units:=:NoUnits
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R4:640.B30M:HO2.S0.MB11-4 chisqBinned CorePlusR4AB14/Geolocation Fields/ChunkNumber
  volume:=:1852
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:ChunkNumber
  Units:=:NoUnits
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R4:640.B30M:HO2.S0.MB11-4 chisqBinned CorePlusR4AB14/Geolocation Fields/Latitude
  volume:=:14322
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
  Title:=:Latitude
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R4:640.B30M:HO2.S0.MB11-4 chisqBinned CorePlusR4AB14/Geolocation Fields/LineOfSightAngle
  volume:=:13010
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:LineOfSightAngle
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R4:640.B30M:HO2.S0.MB11-4 chisqBinned CorePlusR4AB14/Geolocation Fields/LocalSolarTime
  volume:=:14074
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:LocalSolarTime
  Units:=:h
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R4:640.B30M:HO2.S0.MB11-4 chisqBinned CorePlusR4AB14/Geolocation Fields/Longitude
  volume:=:14269
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:Longitude
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R4:640.B30M:HO2.S0.MB11-4 chisqBinned CorePlusR4AB14/Geolocation Fields/OrbitGeodeticAngle
  volume:=:5868
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:OrbitGeodeticAngle
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R4:640.B30M:HO2.S0.MB11-4 chisqBinned CorePlusR4AB14/Geolocation Fields/Pressure
  volume:=:148
  _FillValue:=:
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  Title:=:Pressure
  Units:=:hPa
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:Aura-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R4:640.B30M:HO2.S0.MB11-4 chisqBinned CorePlusR4AB14/Geolocation Fields/SolarZenithAngle
  volume:=:14213
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:SolarZenithAngle
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R4:640.B30M:HO2.S0.MB11-4 chisqBinned CorePlusR4AB14/Geolocation Fields/Time
  volume:=:19031
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:Time
  Units:=:s
  MissingValue:=:
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:Aura-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R4:640.B30M:HO2.S0.MB11-4 chisqBinned CorePlusR4AB14/nLevels
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
  REFERENCE_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R4:640.B30M:HO2.S0.MB11-4 chisqBinned CorePlusR4AB14/nTimes
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
  REFERENCE_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R4:640.B30M:HO2.S0.MB11-4 chisqBinned CorePlusR4AB14/nTimesTotal
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R4:640.B30M:HO2.S0.MB11-4 noRadsBinned CorePlusR4AB14/Data Fields/Convergence
  volume:=:427
  Units:=:NoUnits
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:R4:640.B30M:HO2.S0.MB11-4 noRadsBinned CorePlusR4AB14Convergence
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R4:640.B30M:HO2.S0.MB11-4 noRadsBinned CorePlusR4AB14/Data Fields/L2gpPrecision
  volume:=:3020
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:R4:640.B30M:HO2.S0.MB11-4 noRadsBinned CorePlusR4AB14Precision
  Units:=:vmr
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R4:640.B30M:HO2.S0.MB11-4 noRadsBinned CorePlusR4AB14/Data Fields/L2gpValue
  volume:=:38983
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:R4:640.B30M:HO2.S0.MB11-4 noRadsBinned CorePlusR4AB14
  Units:=:vmr
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R4:640.B30M:HO2.S0.MB11-4 noRadsBinned CorePlusR4AB14/Data Fields/Quality
  volume:=:427
  _FillValue:=:
  Units:=:NoUnits
  Title:=:R4:640.B30M:HO2.S0.MB11-4 noRadsBinned CorePlusR4AB14Quality
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R4:640.B30M:HO2.S0.MB11-4 noRadsBinned CorePlusR4AB14/Data Fields/Status
  volume:=:426
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:R4:640.B30M:HO2.S0.MB11-4 noRadsBinned CorePlusR4AB14Status
  Units:=:NoUnits
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R4:640.B30M:HO2.S0.MB11-4 noRadsBinned CorePlusR4AB14/Geolocation Fields/ChunkNumber
  volume:=:1852
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:ChunkNumber
  Units:=:NoUnits
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R4:640.B30M:HO2.S0.MB11-4 noRadsBinned CorePlusR4AB14/Geolocation Fields/Latitude
  volume:=:14322
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
  Title:=:Latitude
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R4:640.B30M:HO2.S0.MB11-4 noRadsBinned CorePlusR4AB14/Geolocation Fields/LineOfSightAngle
  volume:=:13010
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:LineOfSightAngle
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R4:640.B30M:HO2.S0.MB11-4 noRadsBinned CorePlusR4AB14/Geolocation Fields/LocalSolarTime
  volume:=:14074
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:LocalSolarTime
  Units:=:h
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R4:640.B30M:HO2.S0.MB11-4 noRadsBinned CorePlusR4AB14/Geolocation Fields/Longitude
  volume:=:14269
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:Longitude
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R4:640.B30M:HO2.S0.MB11-4 noRadsBinned CorePlusR4AB14/Geolocation Fields/OrbitGeodeticAngle
  volume:=:5868
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:OrbitGeodeticAngle
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R4:640.B30M:HO2.S0.MB11-4 noRadsBinned CorePlusR4AB14/Geolocation Fields/Pressure
  volume:=:148
  _FillValue:=:
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  Title:=:Pressure
  Units:=:hPa
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:Aura-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R4:640.B30M:HO2.S0.MB11-4 noRadsBinned CorePlusR4AB14/Geolocation Fields/SolarZenithAngle
  volume:=:14213
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:SolarZenithAngle
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R4:640.B30M:HO2.S0.MB11-4 noRadsBinned CorePlusR4AB14/Geolocation Fields/Time
  volume:=:19031
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:Time
  Units:=:s
  MissingValue:=:
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:Aura-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R4:640.B30M:HO2.S0.MB11-4 noRadsBinned CorePlusR4AB14/nLevels
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
  REFERENCE_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R4:640.B30M:HO2.S0.MB11-4 noRadsBinned CorePlusR4AB14/nTimes
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
  REFERENCE_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R4:640.B30M:HO2.S0.MB11-4 noRadsBinned CorePlusR4AB14/nTimesTotal
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R4:640.B31M:BRO.S0.MB11-5 chisqBinned CorePlusR4AB14/Data Fields/Convergence
  volume:=:427
  Units:=:NoUnits
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:R4:640.B31M:BRO.S0.MB11-5 chisqBinned CorePlusR4AB14Convergence
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R4:640.B31M:BRO.S0.MB11-5 chisqBinned CorePlusR4AB14/Data Fields/L2gpPrecision
  volume:=:301401
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:R4:640.B31M:BRO.S0.MB11-5 chisqBinned CorePlusR4AB14Precision
  Units:=:vmr
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R4:640.B31M:BRO.S0.MB11-5 chisqBinned CorePlusR4AB14/Data Fields/L2gpValue
  volume:=:298993
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:R4:640.B31M:BRO.S0.MB11-5 chisqBinned CorePlusR4AB14
  Units:=:vmr
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R4:640.B31M:BRO.S0.MB11-5 chisqBinned CorePlusR4AB14/Data Fields/Quality
  volume:=:427
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:R4:640.B31M:BRO.S0.MB11-5 chisqBinned CorePlusR4AB14Quality
  Units:=:NoUnits
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R4:640.B31M:BRO.S0.MB11-5 chisqBinned CorePlusR4AB14/Data Fields/Status
  volume:=:426
  _FillValue:=:
  Units:=:NoUnits
  Title:=:R4:640.B31M:BRO.S0.MB11-5 chisqBinned CorePlusR4AB14Status
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R4:640.B31M:BRO.S0.MB11-5 chisqBinned CorePlusR4AB14/Geolocation Fields/ChunkNumber
  volume:=:1852
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:ChunkNumber
  Units:=:NoUnits
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R4:640.B31M:BRO.S0.MB11-5 chisqBinned CorePlusR4AB14/Geolocation Fields/Latitude
  volume:=:14322
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
  Title:=:Latitude
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R4:640.B31M:BRO.S0.MB11-5 chisqBinned CorePlusR4AB14/Geolocation Fields/LineOfSightAngle
  volume:=:13010
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:LineOfSightAngle
  Units:=:deg
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R4:640.B31M:BRO.S0.MB11-5 chisqBinned CorePlusR4AB14/Geolocation Fields/LocalSolarTime
  volume:=:14074
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:LocalSolarTime
  Units:=:h
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R4:640.B31M:BRO.S0.MB11-5 chisqBinned CorePlusR4AB14/Geolocation Fields/Longitude
  volume:=:14269
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:Longitude
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R4:640.B31M:BRO.S0.MB11-5 chisqBinned CorePlusR4AB14/Geolocation Fields/OrbitGeodeticAngle
  volume:=:5868
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:OrbitGeodeticAngle
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R4:640.B31M:BRO.S0.MB11-5 chisqBinned CorePlusR4AB14/Geolocation Fields/Pressure
  volume:=:148
  _FillValue:=:
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  Title:=:Pressure
  Units:=:hPa
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:Aura-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R4:640.B31M:BRO.S0.MB11-5 chisqBinned CorePlusR4AB14/Geolocation Fields/SolarZenithAngle
  volume:=:14213
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:SolarZenithAngle
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R4:640.B31M:BRO.S0.MB11-5 chisqBinned CorePlusR4AB14/Geolocation Fields/Time
  volume:=:19031
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:Time
  Units:=:s
  MissingValue:=:
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:Aura-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R4:640.B31M:BRO.S0.MB11-5 chisqBinned CorePlusR4AB14/nLevels
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
  REFERENCE_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R4:640.B31M:BRO.S0.MB11-5 chisqBinned CorePlusR4AB14/nTimes
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
  REFERENCE_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R4:640.B31M:BRO.S0.MB11-5 chisqBinned CorePlusR4AB14/nTimesTotal
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R4:640.B31M:BRO.S0.MB11-5 noRadsBinned CorePlusR4AB14/Data Fields/Convergence
  volume:=:427
  Units:=:NoUnits
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:R4:640.B31M:BRO.S0.MB11-5 noRadsBinned CorePlusR4AB14Convergence
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R4:640.B31M:BRO.S0.MB11-5 noRadsBinned CorePlusR4AB14/Data Fields/L2gpPrecision
  volume:=:3020
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:R4:640.B31M:BRO.S0.MB11-5 noRadsBinned CorePlusR4AB14Precision
  Units:=:vmr
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R4:640.B31M:BRO.S0.MB11-5 noRadsBinned CorePlusR4AB14/Data Fields/L2gpValue
  volume:=:37340
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:R4:640.B31M:BRO.S0.MB11-5 noRadsBinned CorePlusR4AB14
  Units:=:vmr
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R4:640.B31M:BRO.S0.MB11-5 noRadsBinned CorePlusR4AB14/Data Fields/Quality
  volume:=:427
  _FillValue:=:
  Units:=:NoUnits
  Title:=:R4:640.B31M:BRO.S0.MB11-5 noRadsBinned CorePlusR4AB14Quality
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R4:640.B31M:BRO.S0.MB11-5 noRadsBinned CorePlusR4AB14/Data Fields/Status
  volume:=:426
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:R4:640.B31M:BRO.S0.MB11-5 noRadsBinned CorePlusR4AB14Status
  Units:=:NoUnits
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R4:640.B31M:BRO.S0.MB11-5 noRadsBinned CorePlusR4AB14/Geolocation Fields/ChunkNumber
  volume:=:1852
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:ChunkNumber
  Units:=:NoUnits
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R4:640.B31M:BRO.S0.MB11-5 noRadsBinned CorePlusR4AB14/Geolocation Fields/Latitude
  volume:=:14322
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
  Title:=:Latitude
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R4:640.B31M:BRO.S0.MB11-5 noRadsBinned CorePlusR4AB14/Geolocation Fields/LineOfSightAngle
  volume:=:13010
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:LineOfSightAngle
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R4:640.B31M:BRO.S0.MB11-5 noRadsBinned CorePlusR4AB14/Geolocation Fields/LocalSolarTime
  volume:=:14074
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:LocalSolarTime
  Units:=:h
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R4:640.B31M:BRO.S0.MB11-5 noRadsBinned CorePlusR4AB14/Geolocation Fields/Longitude
  volume:=:14269
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:Longitude
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R4:640.B31M:BRO.S0.MB11-5 noRadsBinned CorePlusR4AB14/Geolocation Fields/OrbitGeodeticAngle
  volume:=:5868
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:OrbitGeodeticAngle
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R4:640.B31M:BRO.S0.MB11-5 noRadsBinned CorePlusR4AB14/Geolocation Fields/Pressure
  volume:=:148
  _FillValue:=:
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  Title:=:Pressure
  Units:=:hPa
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:Aura-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R4:640.B31M:BRO.S0.MB11-5 noRadsBinned CorePlusR4AB14/Geolocation Fields/SolarZenithAngle
  volume:=:14213
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:SolarZenithAngle
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R4:640.B31M:BRO.S0.MB11-5 noRadsBinned CorePlusR4AB14/Geolocation Fields/Time
  volume:=:19031
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:Time
  Units:=:s
  MissingValue:=:
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:Aura-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R4:640.B31M:BRO.S0.MB11-5 noRadsBinned CorePlusR4AB14/nLevels
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
  REFERENCE_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R4:640.B31M:BRO.S0.MB11-5 noRadsBinned CorePlusR4AB14/nTimes
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
  REFERENCE_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R4:640.B31M:BRO.S0.MB11-5 noRadsBinned CorePlusR4AB14/nTimesTotal
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R5H:2T5.B15F:OH.S5.FB25-15 chisqBinned CorePlusR5/Data Fields/Convergence
  volume:=:427
  Units:=:NoUnits
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:R5H:2T5.B15F:OH.S5.FB25-15 chisqBinned CorePlusR5Convergence
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R5H:2T5.B15F:OH.S5.FB25-15 chisqBinned CorePlusR5/Data Fields/L2gpPrecision
  volume:=:262076
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:R5H:2T5.B15F:OH.S5.FB25-15 chisqBinned CorePlusR5Precision
  Units:=:vmr
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R5H:2T5.B15F:OH.S5.FB25-15 chisqBinned CorePlusR5/Data Fields/L2gpValue
  volume:=:260007
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:R5H:2T5.B15F:OH.S5.FB25-15 chisqBinned CorePlusR5
  Units:=:vmr
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R5H:2T5.B15F:OH.S5.FB25-15 chisqBinned CorePlusR5/Data Fields/Quality
  volume:=:427
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:R5H:2T5.B15F:OH.S5.FB25-15 chisqBinned CorePlusR5Quality
  Units:=:NoUnits
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R5H:2T5.B15F:OH.S5.FB25-15 chisqBinned CorePlusR5/Data Fields/Status
  volume:=:426
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:R5H:2T5.B15F:OH.S5.FB25-15 chisqBinned CorePlusR5Status
  Units:=:NoUnits
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R5H:2T5.B15F:OH.S5.FB25-15 chisqBinned CorePlusR5/Geolocation Fields/ChunkNumber
  volume:=:1852
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:ChunkNumber
  Units:=:NoUnits
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R5H:2T5.B15F:OH.S5.FB25-15 chisqBinned CorePlusR5/Geolocation Fields/Latitude
  volume:=:14322
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
  Title:=:Latitude
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R5H:2T5.B15F:OH.S5.FB25-15 chisqBinned CorePlusR5/Geolocation Fields/LineOfSightAngle
  volume:=:13010
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:LineOfSightAngle
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R5H:2T5.B15F:OH.S5.FB25-15 chisqBinned CorePlusR5/Geolocation Fields/LocalSolarTime
  volume:=:14074
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:LocalSolarTime
  Units:=:h
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R5H:2T5.B15F:OH.S5.FB25-15 chisqBinned CorePlusR5/Geolocation Fields/Longitude
  volume:=:14269
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:Longitude
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R5H:2T5.B15F:OH.S5.FB25-15 chisqBinned CorePlusR5/Geolocation Fields/OrbitGeodeticAngle
  volume:=:5868
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:OrbitGeodeticAngle
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R5H:2T5.B15F:OH.S5.FB25-15 chisqBinned CorePlusR5/Geolocation Fields/Pressure
  volume:=:148
  _FillValue:=:
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  Title:=:Pressure
  Units:=:hPa
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:Aura-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R5H:2T5.B15F:OH.S5.FB25-15 chisqBinned CorePlusR5/Geolocation Fields/SolarZenithAngle
  volume:=:14213
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:SolarZenithAngle
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R5H:2T5.B15F:OH.S5.FB25-15 chisqBinned CorePlusR5/Geolocation Fields/Time
  volume:=:19031
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:Time
  Units:=:s
  MissingValue:=:
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:Aura-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R5H:2T5.B15F:OH.S5.FB25-15 chisqBinned CorePlusR5/nLevels
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
  REFERENCE_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R5H:2T5.B15F:OH.S5.FB25-15 chisqBinned CorePlusR5/nTimes
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
  REFERENCE_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R5H:2T5.B15F:OH.S5.FB25-15 chisqBinned CorePlusR5/nTimesTotal
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R5H:2T5.B15F:OH.S5.FB25-15 noRadsBinned CorePlusR5/Data Fields/Convergence
  volume:=:427
  Units:=:NoUnits
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:R5H:2T5.B15F:OH.S5.FB25-15 noRadsBinned CorePlusR5Convergence
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R5H:2T5.B15F:OH.S5.FB25-15 noRadsBinned CorePlusR5/Data Fields/L2gpPrecision
  volume:=:3020
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:R5H:2T5.B15F:OH.S5.FB25-15 noRadsBinned CorePlusR5Precision
  Units:=:vmr
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R5H:2T5.B15F:OH.S5.FB25-15 noRadsBinned CorePlusR5/Data Fields/L2gpValue
  volume:=:32733
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:R5H:2T5.B15F:OH.S5.FB25-15 noRadsBinned CorePlusR5
  Units:=:vmr
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R5H:2T5.B15F:OH.S5.FB25-15 noRadsBinned CorePlusR5/Data Fields/Quality
  volume:=:427
  Units:=:NoUnits
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:R5H:2T5.B15F:OH.S5.FB25-15 noRadsBinned CorePlusR5Quality
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R5H:2T5.B15F:OH.S5.FB25-15 noRadsBinned CorePlusR5/Data Fields/Status
  volume:=:426
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:R5H:2T5.B15F:OH.S5.FB25-15 noRadsBinned CorePlusR5Status
  Units:=:NoUnits
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R5H:2T5.B15F:OH.S5.FB25-15 noRadsBinned CorePlusR5/Geolocation Fields/ChunkNumber
  volume:=:1852
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:ChunkNumber
  Units:=:NoUnits
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R5H:2T5.B15F:OH.S5.FB25-15 noRadsBinned CorePlusR5/Geolocation Fields/Latitude
  volume:=:14322
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
  Title:=:Latitude
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R5H:2T5.B15F:OH.S5.FB25-15 noRadsBinned CorePlusR5/Geolocation Fields/LineOfSightAngle
  volume:=:13010
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:LineOfSightAngle
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R5H:2T5.B15F:OH.S5.FB25-15 noRadsBinned CorePlusR5/Geolocation Fields/LocalSolarTime
  volume:=:14074
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:LocalSolarTime
  Units:=:h
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R5H:2T5.B15F:OH.S5.FB25-15 noRadsBinned CorePlusR5/Geolocation Fields/Longitude
  volume:=:14269
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:Longitude
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R5H:2T5.B15F:OH.S5.FB25-15 noRadsBinned CorePlusR5/Geolocation Fields/OrbitGeodeticAngle
  volume:=:5868
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:OrbitGeodeticAngle
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R5H:2T5.B15F:OH.S5.FB25-15 noRadsBinned CorePlusR5/Geolocation Fields/Pressure
  volume:=:148
  _FillValue:=:
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  Title:=:Pressure
  Units:=:hPa
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:Aura-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R5H:2T5.B15F:OH.S5.FB25-15 noRadsBinned CorePlusR5/Geolocation Fields/SolarZenithAngle
  volume:=:14213
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:SolarZenithAngle
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R5H:2T5.B15F:OH.S5.FB25-15 noRadsBinned CorePlusR5/Geolocation Fields/Time
  volume:=:19031
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:Time
  Units:=:s
  MissingValue:=:
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:Aura-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R5H:2T5.B15F:OH.S5.FB25-15 noRadsBinned CorePlusR5/nLevels
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
  REFERENCE_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R5H:2T5.B15F:OH.S5.FB25-15 noRadsBinned CorePlusR5/nTimes
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
  REFERENCE_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R5H:2T5.B15F:OH.S5.FB25-15 noRadsBinned CorePlusR5/nTimesTotal
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R5H:2T5.B15F:OH.S5.FB25-15.C25 cloudMax/Data Fields/Convergence
  volume:=:427
  Units:=:NoUnits
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:R5H:2T5.B15F:OH.S5.FB25-15.C25 cloudMaxConvergence
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R5H:2T5.B15F:OH.S5.FB25-15.C25 cloudMax/Data Fields/L2gpPrecision
  volume:=:3020
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:R5H:2T5.B15F:OH.S5.FB25-15.C25 cloudMaxPrecision
  Units:=:vmr
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R5H:2T5.B15F:OH.S5.FB25-15.C25 cloudMax/Data Fields/L2gpValue
  volume:=:3020
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:R5H:2T5.B15F:OH.S5.FB25-15.C25 cloudMax
  Units:=:vmr
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R5H:2T5.B15F:OH.S5.FB25-15.C25 cloudMax/Data Fields/Quality
  volume:=:427
  Units:=:NoUnits
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:R5H:2T5.B15F:OH.S5.FB25-15.C25 cloudMaxQuality
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R5H:2T5.B15F:OH.S5.FB25-15.C25 cloudMax/Data Fields/Status
  volume:=:426
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:R5H:2T5.B15F:OH.S5.FB25-15.C25 cloudMaxStatus
  Units:=:NoUnits
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R5H:2T5.B15F:OH.S5.FB25-15.C25 cloudMax/Geolocation Fields/ChunkNumber
  volume:=:1852
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:ChunkNumber
  Units:=:NoUnits
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R5H:2T5.B15F:OH.S5.FB25-15.C25 cloudMax/Geolocation Fields/Latitude
  volume:=:14322
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
  Title:=:Latitude
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R5H:2T5.B15F:OH.S5.FB25-15.C25 cloudMax/Geolocation Fields/LineOfSightAngle
  volume:=:13010
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:LineOfSightAngle
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R5H:2T5.B15F:OH.S5.FB25-15.C25 cloudMax/Geolocation Fields/LocalSolarTime
  volume:=:14074
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:LocalSolarTime
  Units:=:h
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R5H:2T5.B15F:OH.S5.FB25-15.C25 cloudMax/Geolocation Fields/Longitude
  volume:=:14269
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:Longitude
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R5H:2T5.B15F:OH.S5.FB25-15.C25 cloudMax/Geolocation Fields/OrbitGeodeticAngle
  volume:=:5868
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:OrbitGeodeticAngle
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R5H:2T5.B15F:OH.S5.FB25-15.C25 cloudMax/Geolocation Fields/Pressure
  volume:=:148
  _FillValue:=:
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  Title:=:Pressure
  Units:=:hPa
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:Aura-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R5H:2T5.B15F:OH.S5.FB25-15.C25 cloudMax/Geolocation Fields/SolarZenithAngle
  volume:=:14213
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:SolarZenithAngle
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R5H:2T5.B15F:OH.S5.FB25-15.C25 cloudMax/Geolocation Fields/Time
  volume:=:19031
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:Time
  Units:=:s
  MissingValue:=:
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:Aura-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R5H:2T5.B15F:OH.S5.FB25-15.C25 cloudMax/nLevels
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
  REFERENCE_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R5H:2T5.B15F:OH.S5.FB25-15.C25 cloudMax/nTimes
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
  REFERENCE_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R5H:2T5.B15F:OH.S5.FB25-15.C25 cloudMax/nTimesTotal
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R5H:2T5.B15F:OH.S5.FB25-15.C25 cloudMin/Data Fields/Convergence
  volume:=:427
  Units:=:NoUnits
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:R5H:2T5.B15F:OH.S5.FB25-15.C25 cloudMinConvergence
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R5H:2T5.B15F:OH.S5.FB25-15.C25 cloudMin/Data Fields/L2gpPrecision
  volume:=:3020
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:R5H:2T5.B15F:OH.S5.FB25-15.C25 cloudMinPrecision
  Units:=:vmr
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R5H:2T5.B15F:OH.S5.FB25-15.C25 cloudMin/Data Fields/L2gpValue
  volume:=:3020
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:R5H:2T5.B15F:OH.S5.FB25-15.C25 cloudMin
  Units:=:vmr
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R5H:2T5.B15F:OH.S5.FB25-15.C25 cloudMin/Data Fields/Quality
  volume:=:427
  Units:=:NoUnits
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:R5H:2T5.B15F:OH.S5.FB25-15.C25 cloudMinQuality
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R5H:2T5.B15F:OH.S5.FB25-15.C25 cloudMin/Data Fields/Status
  volume:=:426
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:R5H:2T5.B15F:OH.S5.FB25-15.C25 cloudMinStatus
  Units:=:NoUnits
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R5H:2T5.B15F:OH.S5.FB25-15.C25 cloudMin/Geolocation Fields/ChunkNumber
  volume:=:1852
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:ChunkNumber
  Units:=:NoUnits
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R5H:2T5.B15F:OH.S5.FB25-15.C25 cloudMin/Geolocation Fields/Latitude
  volume:=:14322
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
  Title:=:Latitude
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R5H:2T5.B15F:OH.S5.FB25-15.C25 cloudMin/Geolocation Fields/LineOfSightAngle
  volume:=:13010
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:LineOfSightAngle
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R5H:2T5.B15F:OH.S5.FB25-15.C25 cloudMin/Geolocation Fields/LocalSolarTime
  volume:=:14074
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:LocalSolarTime
  Units:=:h
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R5H:2T5.B15F:OH.S5.FB25-15.C25 cloudMin/Geolocation Fields/Longitude
  volume:=:14269
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:Longitude
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R5H:2T5.B15F:OH.S5.FB25-15.C25 cloudMin/Geolocation Fields/OrbitGeodeticAngle
  volume:=:5868
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:OrbitGeodeticAngle
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R5H:2T5.B15F:OH.S5.FB25-15.C25 cloudMin/Geolocation Fields/Pressure
  volume:=:148
  _FillValue:=:
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  Title:=:Pressure
  Units:=:hPa
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:Aura-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R5H:2T5.B15F:OH.S5.FB25-15.C25 cloudMin/Geolocation Fields/SolarZenithAngle
  volume:=:14213
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:SolarZenithAngle
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R5H:2T5.B15F:OH.S5.FB25-15.C25 cloudMin/Geolocation Fields/Time
  volume:=:19031
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:Time
  Units:=:s
  MissingValue:=:
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:Aura-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R5H:2T5.B15F:OH.S5.FB25-15.C25 cloudMin/nLevels
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
  REFERENCE_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R5H:2T5.B15F:OH.S5.FB25-15.C25 cloudMin/nTimes
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
  REFERENCE_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R5H:2T5.B15F:OH.S5.FB25-15.C25 cloudMin/nTimesTotal
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R5H:2T5.B16F:OH.S0.FB25-16 chisqBinned CorePlusR5/Data Fields/Convergence
  volume:=:427
  Units:=:NoUnits
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:R5H:2T5.B16F:OH.S0.FB25-16 chisqBinned CorePlusR5Convergence
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R5H:2T5.B16F:OH.S0.FB25-16 chisqBinned CorePlusR5/Data Fields/L2gpPrecision
  volume:=:261724
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:R5H:2T5.B16F:OH.S0.FB25-16 chisqBinned CorePlusR5Precision
  Units:=:vmr
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R5H:2T5.B16F:OH.S0.FB25-16 chisqBinned CorePlusR5/Data Fields/L2gpValue
  volume:=:259679
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:R5H:2T5.B16F:OH.S0.FB25-16 chisqBinned CorePlusR5
  Units:=:vmr
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R5H:2T5.B16F:OH.S0.FB25-16 chisqBinned CorePlusR5/Data Fields/Quality
  volume:=:427
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:R5H:2T5.B16F:OH.S0.FB25-16 chisqBinned CorePlusR5Quality
  Units:=:NoUnits
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R5H:2T5.B16F:OH.S0.FB25-16 chisqBinned CorePlusR5/Data Fields/Status
  volume:=:426
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:R5H:2T5.B16F:OH.S0.FB25-16 chisqBinned CorePlusR5Status
  Units:=:NoUnits
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R5H:2T5.B16F:OH.S0.FB25-16 chisqBinned CorePlusR5/Geolocation Fields/ChunkNumber
  volume:=:1852
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:ChunkNumber
  Units:=:NoUnits
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R5H:2T5.B16F:OH.S0.FB25-16 chisqBinned CorePlusR5/Geolocation Fields/Latitude
  volume:=:14322
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
  Title:=:Latitude
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R5H:2T5.B16F:OH.S0.FB25-16 chisqBinned CorePlusR5/Geolocation Fields/LineOfSightAngle
  volume:=:13010
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:LineOfSightAngle
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R5H:2T5.B16F:OH.S0.FB25-16 chisqBinned CorePlusR5/Geolocation Fields/LocalSolarTime
  volume:=:14074
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:LocalSolarTime
  Units:=:h
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R5H:2T5.B16F:OH.S0.FB25-16 chisqBinned CorePlusR5/Geolocation Fields/Longitude
  volume:=:14269
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:Longitude
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R5H:2T5.B16F:OH.S0.FB25-16 chisqBinned CorePlusR5/Geolocation Fields/OrbitGeodeticAngle
  volume:=:5868
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:OrbitGeodeticAngle
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R5H:2T5.B16F:OH.S0.FB25-16 chisqBinned CorePlusR5/Geolocation Fields/Pressure
  volume:=:148
  _FillValue:=:
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  Title:=:Pressure
  Units:=:hPa
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:Aura-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R5H:2T5.B16F:OH.S0.FB25-16 chisqBinned CorePlusR5/Geolocation Fields/SolarZenithAngle
  volume:=:14213
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:SolarZenithAngle
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R5H:2T5.B16F:OH.S0.FB25-16 chisqBinned CorePlusR5/Geolocation Fields/Time
  volume:=:19031
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:Time
  Units:=:s
  MissingValue:=:
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:Aura-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R5H:2T5.B16F:OH.S0.FB25-16 chisqBinned CorePlusR5/nLevels
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
  REFERENCE_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R5H:2T5.B16F:OH.S0.FB25-16 chisqBinned CorePlusR5/nTimes
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
  REFERENCE_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R5H:2T5.B16F:OH.S0.FB25-16 chisqBinned CorePlusR5/nTimesTotal
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R5H:2T5.B16F:OH.S0.FB25-16 noRadsBinned CorePlusR5/Data Fields/Convergence
  volume:=:427
  Units:=:NoUnits
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:R5H:2T5.B16F:OH.S0.FB25-16 noRadsBinned CorePlusR5Convergence
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R5H:2T5.B16F:OH.S0.FB25-16 noRadsBinned CorePlusR5/Data Fields/L2gpPrecision
  volume:=:3020
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:R5H:2T5.B16F:OH.S0.FB25-16 noRadsBinned CorePlusR5Precision
  Units:=:vmr
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R5H:2T5.B16F:OH.S0.FB25-16 noRadsBinned CorePlusR5/Data Fields/L2gpValue
  volume:=:32419
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:R5H:2T5.B16F:OH.S0.FB25-16 noRadsBinned CorePlusR5
  Units:=:vmr
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R5H:2T5.B16F:OH.S0.FB25-16 noRadsBinned CorePlusR5/Data Fields/Quality
  volume:=:427
  _FillValue:=:
  Units:=:NoUnits
  Title:=:R5H:2T5.B16F:OH.S0.FB25-16 noRadsBinned CorePlusR5Quality
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R5H:2T5.B16F:OH.S0.FB25-16 noRadsBinned CorePlusR5/Data Fields/Status
  volume:=:426
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:R5H:2T5.B16F:OH.S0.FB25-16 noRadsBinned CorePlusR5Status
  Units:=:NoUnits
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R5H:2T5.B16F:OH.S0.FB25-16 noRadsBinned CorePlusR5/Geolocation Fields/ChunkNumber
  volume:=:1852
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:ChunkNumber
  Units:=:NoUnits
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R5H:2T5.B16F:OH.S0.FB25-16 noRadsBinned CorePlusR5/Geolocation Fields/Latitude
  volume:=:14322
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
  Title:=:Latitude
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R5H:2T5.B16F:OH.S0.FB25-16 noRadsBinned CorePlusR5/Geolocation Fields/LineOfSightAngle
  volume:=:13010
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:LineOfSightAngle
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R5H:2T5.B16F:OH.S0.FB25-16 noRadsBinned CorePlusR5/Geolocation Fields/LocalSolarTime
  volume:=:14074
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:LocalSolarTime
  Units:=:h
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R5H:2T5.B16F:OH.S0.FB25-16 noRadsBinned CorePlusR5/Geolocation Fields/Longitude
  volume:=:14269
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:Longitude
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R5H:2T5.B16F:OH.S0.FB25-16 noRadsBinned CorePlusR5/Geolocation Fields/OrbitGeodeticAngle
  volume:=:5868
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:OrbitGeodeticAngle
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R5H:2T5.B16F:OH.S0.FB25-16 noRadsBinned CorePlusR5/Geolocation Fields/Pressure
  volume:=:148
  _FillValue:=:
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  Title:=:Pressure
  Units:=:hPa
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:Aura-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R5H:2T5.B16F:OH.S0.FB25-16 noRadsBinned CorePlusR5/Geolocation Fields/SolarZenithAngle
  volume:=:14213
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:SolarZenithAngle
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R5H:2T5.B16F:OH.S0.FB25-16 noRadsBinned CorePlusR5/Geolocation Fields/Time
  volume:=:19031
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:Time
  Units:=:s
  MissingValue:=:
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:Aura-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R5H:2T5.B16F:OH.S0.FB25-16 noRadsBinned CorePlusR5/nLevels
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
  REFERENCE_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R5H:2T5.B16F:OH.S0.FB25-16 noRadsBinned CorePlusR5/nTimes
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
  REFERENCE_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R5H:2T5.B16F:OH.S0.FB25-16 noRadsBinned CorePlusR5/nTimesTotal
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R5V:2T5.B18F:OH.S0.FB25-18 chisqBinned CorePlusR5/Data Fields/Convergence
  volume:=:427
  Units:=:NoUnits
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:R5V:2T5.B18F:OH.S0.FB25-18 chisqBinned CorePlusR5Convergence
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R5V:2T5.B18F:OH.S0.FB25-18 chisqBinned CorePlusR5/Data Fields/L2gpPrecision
  volume:=:263037
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:R5V:2T5.B18F:OH.S0.FB25-18 chisqBinned CorePlusR5Precision
  Units:=:vmr
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R5V:2T5.B18F:OH.S0.FB25-18 chisqBinned CorePlusR5/Data Fields/L2gpValue
  volume:=:260758
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:R5V:2T5.B18F:OH.S0.FB25-18 chisqBinned CorePlusR5
  Units:=:vmr
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R5V:2T5.B18F:OH.S0.FB25-18 chisqBinned CorePlusR5/Data Fields/Quality
  volume:=:427
  _FillValue:=:
  Units:=:NoUnits
  Title:=:R5V:2T5.B18F:OH.S0.FB25-18 chisqBinned CorePlusR5Quality
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R5V:2T5.B18F:OH.S0.FB25-18 chisqBinned CorePlusR5/Data Fields/Status
  volume:=:426
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:R5V:2T5.B18F:OH.S0.FB25-18 chisqBinned CorePlusR5Status
  Units:=:NoUnits
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R5V:2T5.B18F:OH.S0.FB25-18 chisqBinned CorePlusR5/Geolocation Fields/ChunkNumber
  volume:=:1852
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:ChunkNumber
  Units:=:NoUnits
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R5V:2T5.B18F:OH.S0.FB25-18 chisqBinned CorePlusR5/Geolocation Fields/Latitude
  volume:=:14322
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
  Title:=:Latitude
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R5V:2T5.B18F:OH.S0.FB25-18 chisqBinned CorePlusR5/Geolocation Fields/LineOfSightAngle
  volume:=:13010
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:LineOfSightAngle
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R5V:2T5.B18F:OH.S0.FB25-18 chisqBinned CorePlusR5/Geolocation Fields/LocalSolarTime
  volume:=:14074
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:LocalSolarTime
  Units:=:h
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R5V:2T5.B18F:OH.S0.FB25-18 chisqBinned CorePlusR5/Geolocation Fields/Longitude
  volume:=:14269
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:Longitude
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R5V:2T5.B18F:OH.S0.FB25-18 chisqBinned CorePlusR5/Geolocation Fields/OrbitGeodeticAngle
  volume:=:5868
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:OrbitGeodeticAngle
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R5V:2T5.B18F:OH.S0.FB25-18 chisqBinned CorePlusR5/Geolocation Fields/Pressure
  volume:=:148
  _FillValue:=:
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  Title:=:Pressure
  Units:=:hPa
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:Aura-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R5V:2T5.B18F:OH.S0.FB25-18 chisqBinned CorePlusR5/Geolocation Fields/SolarZenithAngle
  volume:=:14213
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:SolarZenithAngle
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R5V:2T5.B18F:OH.S0.FB25-18 chisqBinned CorePlusR5/Geolocation Fields/Time
  volume:=:19031
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:Time
  Units:=:s
  MissingValue:=:
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:Aura-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R5V:2T5.B18F:OH.S0.FB25-18 chisqBinned CorePlusR5/nLevels
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
  REFERENCE_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R5V:2T5.B18F:OH.S0.FB25-18 chisqBinned CorePlusR5/nTimes
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
  REFERENCE_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R5V:2T5.B18F:OH.S0.FB25-18 chisqBinned CorePlusR5/nTimesTotal
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R5V:2T5.B18F:OH.S0.FB25-18 noRadsBinned CorePlusR5/Data Fields/Convergence
  volume:=:427
  Units:=:NoUnits
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:R5V:2T5.B18F:OH.S0.FB25-18 noRadsBinned CorePlusR5Convergence
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R5V:2T5.B18F:OH.S0.FB25-18 noRadsBinned CorePlusR5/Data Fields/L2gpPrecision
  volume:=:3020
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:R5V:2T5.B18F:OH.S0.FB25-18 noRadsBinned CorePlusR5Precision
  Units:=:vmr
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R5V:2T5.B18F:OH.S0.FB25-18 noRadsBinned CorePlusR5/Data Fields/L2gpValue
  volume:=:32733
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:R5V:2T5.B18F:OH.S0.FB25-18 noRadsBinned CorePlusR5
  Units:=:vmr
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R5V:2T5.B18F:OH.S0.FB25-18 noRadsBinned CorePlusR5/Data Fields/Quality
  volume:=:427
  Units:=:NoUnits
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:R5V:2T5.B18F:OH.S0.FB25-18 noRadsBinned CorePlusR5Quality
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R5V:2T5.B18F:OH.S0.FB25-18 noRadsBinned CorePlusR5/Data Fields/Status
  volume:=:426
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:R5V:2T5.B18F:OH.S0.FB25-18 noRadsBinned CorePlusR5Status
  Units:=:NoUnits
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R5V:2T5.B18F:OH.S0.FB25-18 noRadsBinned CorePlusR5/Geolocation Fields/ChunkNumber
  volume:=:1852
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:ChunkNumber
  Units:=:NoUnits
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R5V:2T5.B18F:OH.S0.FB25-18 noRadsBinned CorePlusR5/Geolocation Fields/Latitude
  volume:=:14322
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
  Title:=:Latitude
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R5V:2T5.B18F:OH.S0.FB25-18 noRadsBinned CorePlusR5/Geolocation Fields/LineOfSightAngle
  volume:=:13010
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:LineOfSightAngle
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R5V:2T5.B18F:OH.S0.FB25-18 noRadsBinned CorePlusR5/Geolocation Fields/LocalSolarTime
  volume:=:14074
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:LocalSolarTime
  Units:=:h
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R5V:2T5.B18F:OH.S0.FB25-18 noRadsBinned CorePlusR5/Geolocation Fields/Longitude
  volume:=:14269
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:Longitude
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R5V:2T5.B18F:OH.S0.FB25-18 noRadsBinned CorePlusR5/Geolocation Fields/OrbitGeodeticAngle
  volume:=:5868
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:OrbitGeodeticAngle
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R5V:2T5.B18F:OH.S0.FB25-18 noRadsBinned CorePlusR5/Geolocation Fields/Pressure
  volume:=:148
  _FillValue:=:
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  Title:=:Pressure
  Units:=:hPa
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:Aura-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R5V:2T5.B18F:OH.S0.FB25-18 noRadsBinned CorePlusR5/Geolocation Fields/SolarZenithAngle
  volume:=:14213
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:SolarZenithAngle
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R5V:2T5.B18F:OH.S0.FB25-18 noRadsBinned CorePlusR5/Geolocation Fields/Time
  volume:=:19031
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:Time
  Units:=:s
  MissingValue:=:
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:Aura-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R5V:2T5.B18F:OH.S0.FB25-18 noRadsBinned CorePlusR5/nLevels
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
  REFERENCE_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R5V:2T5.B18F:OH.S0.FB25-18 noRadsBinned CorePlusR5/nTimes
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
  REFERENCE_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R5V:2T5.B18F:OH.S0.FB25-18 noRadsBinned CorePlusR5/nTimesTotal
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R5V:2T5.B18F:OH.S0.FB25-18.C25 cloudMax/Data Fields/Convergence
  volume:=:427
  Units:=:NoUnits
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:R5V:2T5.B18F:OH.S0.FB25-18.C25 cloudMaxConvergence
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R5V:2T5.B18F:OH.S0.FB25-18.C25 cloudMax/Data Fields/L2gpPrecision
  volume:=:3020
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:R5V:2T5.B18F:OH.S0.FB25-18.C25 cloudMaxPrecision
  Units:=:vmr
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R5V:2T5.B18F:OH.S0.FB25-18.C25 cloudMax/Data Fields/L2gpValue
  volume:=:3020
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:R5V:2T5.B18F:OH.S0.FB25-18.C25 cloudMax
  Units:=:vmr
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R5V:2T5.B18F:OH.S0.FB25-18.C25 cloudMax/Data Fields/Quality
  volume:=:427
  Units:=:NoUnits
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:R5V:2T5.B18F:OH.S0.FB25-18.C25 cloudMaxQuality
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R5V:2T5.B18F:OH.S0.FB25-18.C25 cloudMax/Data Fields/Status
  volume:=:426
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:R5V:2T5.B18F:OH.S0.FB25-18.C25 cloudMaxStatus
  Units:=:NoUnits
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R5V:2T5.B18F:OH.S0.FB25-18.C25 cloudMax/Geolocation Fields/ChunkNumber
  volume:=:1852
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:ChunkNumber
  Units:=:NoUnits
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R5V:2T5.B18F:OH.S0.FB25-18.C25 cloudMax/Geolocation Fields/Latitude
  volume:=:14322
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
  Title:=:Latitude
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R5V:2T5.B18F:OH.S0.FB25-18.C25 cloudMax/Geolocation Fields/LineOfSightAngle
  volume:=:13010
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:LineOfSightAngle
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R5V:2T5.B18F:OH.S0.FB25-18.C25 cloudMax/Geolocation Fields/LocalSolarTime
  volume:=:14074
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:LocalSolarTime
  Units:=:h
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R5V:2T5.B18F:OH.S0.FB25-18.C25 cloudMax/Geolocation Fields/Longitude
  volume:=:14269
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:Longitude
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R5V:2T5.B18F:OH.S0.FB25-18.C25 cloudMax/Geolocation Fields/OrbitGeodeticAngle
  volume:=:5868
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:OrbitGeodeticAngle
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R5V:2T5.B18F:OH.S0.FB25-18.C25 cloudMax/Geolocation Fields/Pressure
  volume:=:148
  _FillValue:=:
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  Title:=:Pressure
  Units:=:hPa
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:Aura-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R5V:2T5.B18F:OH.S0.FB25-18.C25 cloudMax/Geolocation Fields/SolarZenithAngle
  volume:=:14213
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:SolarZenithAngle
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R5V:2T5.B18F:OH.S0.FB25-18.C25 cloudMax/Geolocation Fields/Time
  volume:=:19031
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:Time
  Units:=:s
  MissingValue:=:
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:Aura-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R5V:2T5.B18F:OH.S0.FB25-18.C25 cloudMax/nLevels
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
  REFERENCE_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R5V:2T5.B18F:OH.S0.FB25-18.C25 cloudMax/nTimes
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
  REFERENCE_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R5V:2T5.B18F:OH.S0.FB25-18.C25 cloudMax/nTimesTotal
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R5V:2T5.B18F:OH.S0.FB25-18.C25 cloudMin/Data Fields/Convergence
  volume:=:427
  Units:=:NoUnits
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:R5V:2T5.B18F:OH.S0.FB25-18.C25 cloudMinConvergence
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R5V:2T5.B18F:OH.S0.FB25-18.C25 cloudMin/Data Fields/L2gpPrecision
  volume:=:3020
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:R5V:2T5.B18F:OH.S0.FB25-18.C25 cloudMinPrecision
  Units:=:vmr
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R5V:2T5.B18F:OH.S0.FB25-18.C25 cloudMin/Data Fields/L2gpValue
  volume:=:3020
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:R5V:2T5.B18F:OH.S0.FB25-18.C25 cloudMin
  Units:=:vmr
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R5V:2T5.B18F:OH.S0.FB25-18.C25 cloudMin/Data Fields/Quality
  volume:=:427
  Units:=:NoUnits
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:R5V:2T5.B18F:OH.S0.FB25-18.C25 cloudMinQuality
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R5V:2T5.B18F:OH.S0.FB25-18.C25 cloudMin/Data Fields/Status
  volume:=:426
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:R5V:2T5.B18F:OH.S0.FB25-18.C25 cloudMinStatus
  Units:=:NoUnits
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R5V:2T5.B18F:OH.S0.FB25-18.C25 cloudMin/Geolocation Fields/ChunkNumber
  volume:=:1852
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:ChunkNumber
  Units:=:NoUnits
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R5V:2T5.B18F:OH.S0.FB25-18.C25 cloudMin/Geolocation Fields/Latitude
  volume:=:14322
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
  Title:=:Latitude
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R5V:2T5.B18F:OH.S0.FB25-18.C25 cloudMin/Geolocation Fields/LineOfSightAngle
  volume:=:13010
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:LineOfSightAngle
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R5V:2T5.B18F:OH.S0.FB25-18.C25 cloudMin/Geolocation Fields/LocalSolarTime
  volume:=:14074
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:LocalSolarTime
  Units:=:h
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R5V:2T5.B18F:OH.S0.FB25-18.C25 cloudMin/Geolocation Fields/Longitude
  volume:=:14269
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:Longitude
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R5V:2T5.B18F:OH.S0.FB25-18.C25 cloudMin/Geolocation Fields/OrbitGeodeticAngle
  volume:=:5868
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:OrbitGeodeticAngle
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R5V:2T5.B18F:OH.S0.FB25-18.C25 cloudMin/Geolocation Fields/Pressure
  volume:=:148
  _FillValue:=:
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  Title:=:Pressure
  Units:=:hPa
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:Aura-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R5V:2T5.B18F:OH.S0.FB25-18.C25 cloudMin/Geolocation Fields/SolarZenithAngle
  volume:=:14213
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:SolarZenithAngle
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R5V:2T5.B18F:OH.S0.FB25-18.C25 cloudMin/Geolocation Fields/Time
  volume:=:19031
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:Time
  Units:=:s
  MissingValue:=:
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:Aura-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R5V:2T5.B18F:OH.S0.FB25-18.C25 cloudMin/nLevels
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
  REFERENCE_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R5V:2T5.B18F:OH.S0.FB25-18.C25 cloudMin/nTimes
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
  REFERENCE_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R5V:2T5.B18F:OH.S0.FB25-18.C25 cloudMin/nTimesTotal
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R5V:2T5.B19F:OH.S0.FB25-19 chisqBinned CorePlusR5/Data Fields/Convergence
  volume:=:427
  Units:=:NoUnits
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:R5V:2T5.B19F:OH.S0.FB25-19 chisqBinned CorePlusR5Convergence
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R5V:2T5.B19F:OH.S0.FB25-19 chisqBinned CorePlusR5/Data Fields/L2gpPrecision
  volume:=:263184
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:R5V:2T5.B19F:OH.S0.FB25-19 chisqBinned CorePlusR5Precision
  Units:=:vmr
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R5V:2T5.B19F:OH.S0.FB25-19 chisqBinned CorePlusR5/Data Fields/L2gpValue
  volume:=:260551
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:R5V:2T5.B19F:OH.S0.FB25-19 chisqBinned CorePlusR5
  Units:=:vmr
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R5V:2T5.B19F:OH.S0.FB25-19 chisqBinned CorePlusR5/Data Fields/Quality
  volume:=:427
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:R5V:2T5.B19F:OH.S0.FB25-19 chisqBinned CorePlusR5Quality
  Units:=:NoUnits
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R5V:2T5.B19F:OH.S0.FB25-19 chisqBinned CorePlusR5/Data Fields/Status
  volume:=:426
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:R5V:2T5.B19F:OH.S0.FB25-19 chisqBinned CorePlusR5Status
  Units:=:NoUnits
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R5V:2T5.B19F:OH.S0.FB25-19 chisqBinned CorePlusR5/Geolocation Fields/ChunkNumber
  volume:=:1852
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:ChunkNumber
  Units:=:NoUnits
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R5V:2T5.B19F:OH.S0.FB25-19 chisqBinned CorePlusR5/Geolocation Fields/Latitude
  volume:=:14322
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
  Title:=:Latitude
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R5V:2T5.B19F:OH.S0.FB25-19 chisqBinned CorePlusR5/Geolocation Fields/LineOfSightAngle
  volume:=:13010
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:LineOfSightAngle
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R5V:2T5.B19F:OH.S0.FB25-19 chisqBinned CorePlusR5/Geolocation Fields/LocalSolarTime
  volume:=:14074
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:LocalSolarTime
  Units:=:h
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R5V:2T5.B19F:OH.S0.FB25-19 chisqBinned CorePlusR5/Geolocation Fields/Longitude
  volume:=:14269
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:Longitude
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R5V:2T5.B19F:OH.S0.FB25-19 chisqBinned CorePlusR5/Geolocation Fields/OrbitGeodeticAngle
  volume:=:5868
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:OrbitGeodeticAngle
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R5V:2T5.B19F:OH.S0.FB25-19 chisqBinned CorePlusR5/Geolocation Fields/Pressure
  volume:=:148
  _FillValue:=:
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  Title:=:Pressure
  Units:=:hPa
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:Aura-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R5V:2T5.B19F:OH.S0.FB25-19 chisqBinned CorePlusR5/Geolocation Fields/SolarZenithAngle
  volume:=:14213
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:SolarZenithAngle
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R5V:2T5.B19F:OH.S0.FB25-19 chisqBinned CorePlusR5/Geolocation Fields/Time
  volume:=:19031
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:Time
  Units:=:s
  MissingValue:=:
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:Aura-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R5V:2T5.B19F:OH.S0.FB25-19 chisqBinned CorePlusR5/nLevels
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
  REFERENCE_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R5V:2T5.B19F:OH.S0.FB25-19 chisqBinned CorePlusR5/nTimes
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
  REFERENCE_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R5V:2T5.B19F:OH.S0.FB25-19 chisqBinned CorePlusR5/nTimesTotal
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R5V:2T5.B19F:OH.S0.FB25-19 noRadsBinned CorePlusR5/Data Fields/Convergence
  volume:=:427
  Units:=:NoUnits
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:R5V:2T5.B19F:OH.S0.FB25-19 noRadsBinned CorePlusR5Convergence
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R5V:2T5.B19F:OH.S0.FB25-19 noRadsBinned CorePlusR5/Data Fields/L2gpPrecision
  volume:=:3020
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:R5V:2T5.B19F:OH.S0.FB25-19 noRadsBinned CorePlusR5Precision
  Units:=:vmr
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R5V:2T5.B19F:OH.S0.FB25-19 noRadsBinned CorePlusR5/Data Fields/L2gpValue
  volume:=:32419
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:R5V:2T5.B19F:OH.S0.FB25-19 noRadsBinned CorePlusR5
  Units:=:vmr
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R5V:2T5.B19F:OH.S0.FB25-19 noRadsBinned CorePlusR5/Data Fields/Quality
  volume:=:427
  _FillValue:=:
  Units:=:NoUnits
  Title:=:R5V:2T5.B19F:OH.S0.FB25-19 noRadsBinned CorePlusR5Quality
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R5V:2T5.B19F:OH.S0.FB25-19 noRadsBinned CorePlusR5/Data Fields/Status
  volume:=:426
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:R5V:2T5.B19F:OH.S0.FB25-19 noRadsBinned CorePlusR5Status
  Units:=:NoUnits
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R5V:2T5.B19F:OH.S0.FB25-19 noRadsBinned CorePlusR5/Geolocation Fields/ChunkNumber
  volume:=:1852
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:ChunkNumber
  Units:=:NoUnits
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R5V:2T5.B19F:OH.S0.FB25-19 noRadsBinned CorePlusR5/Geolocation Fields/Latitude
  volume:=:14322
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
  Title:=:Latitude
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R5V:2T5.B19F:OH.S0.FB25-19 noRadsBinned CorePlusR5/Geolocation Fields/LineOfSightAngle
  volume:=:13010
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:LineOfSightAngle
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R5V:2T5.B19F:OH.S0.FB25-19 noRadsBinned CorePlusR5/Geolocation Fields/LocalSolarTime
  volume:=:14074
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:LocalSolarTime
  Units:=:h
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R5V:2T5.B19F:OH.S0.FB25-19 noRadsBinned CorePlusR5/Geolocation Fields/Longitude
  volume:=:14269
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:Longitude
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R5V:2T5.B19F:OH.S0.FB25-19 noRadsBinned CorePlusR5/Geolocation Fields/OrbitGeodeticAngle
  volume:=:5868
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:OrbitGeodeticAngle
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R5V:2T5.B19F:OH.S0.FB25-19 noRadsBinned CorePlusR5/Geolocation Fields/Pressure
  volume:=:148
  _FillValue:=:
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  Title:=:Pressure
  Units:=:hPa
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:Aura-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R5V:2T5.B19F:OH.S0.FB25-19 noRadsBinned CorePlusR5/Geolocation Fields/SolarZenithAngle
  volume:=:14213
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:SolarZenithAngle
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R5V:2T5.B19F:OH.S0.FB25-19 noRadsBinned CorePlusR5/Geolocation Fields/Time
  volume:=:19031
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:Time
  Units:=:s
  MissingValue:=:
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:Aura-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R5V:2T5.B19F:OH.S0.FB25-19 noRadsBinned CorePlusR5/nLevels
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
  REFERENCE_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R5V:2T5.B19F:OH.S0.FB25-19 noRadsBinned CorePlusR5/nTimes
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
  REFERENCE_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/R5V:2T5.B19F:OH.S0.FB25-19 noRadsBinned CorePlusR5/nTimesTotal
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/RHI-190/Data Fields/Convergence
  volume:=:2519
  Units:=:NoUnits
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:RHI-190Convergence
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/RHI-190/Data Fields/L2gpPrecision
  volume:=:736422
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:RHI-190Precision
  Units:=:vmr
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/RHI-190/Data Fields/L2gpValue
  volume:=:673977
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:RHI-190
  Units:=:vmr
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/RHI-190/Data Fields/Quality
  volume:=:9435
  Units:=:NoUnits
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:RHI-190Quality
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/RHI-190/Data Fields/Status
  volume:=:941
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:RHI-190Status
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  Units:=:NoUnits
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/RHI-190/Geolocation Fields/ChunkNumber
  volume:=:1852
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:ChunkNumber
  Units:=:NoUnits
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/RHI-190/Geolocation Fields/Latitude
  volume:=:14322
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  MissingValue:=:
  Title:=:Latitude
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/RHI-190/Geolocation Fields/LineOfSightAngle
  volume:=:13010
  Units:=:deg
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:LineOfSightAngle
  MissingValue:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/RHI-190/Geolocation Fields/LocalSolarTime
  volume:=:14074
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:LocalSolarTime
  Units:=:h
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/RHI-190/Geolocation Fields/Longitude
  volume:=:14269
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:Longitude
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/RHI-190/Geolocation Fields/OrbitGeodeticAngle
  volume:=:5868
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:OrbitGeodeticAngle
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/RHI-190/Geolocation Fields/Pressure
  volume:=:220
  _FillValue:=:
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  Title:=:Pressure
  Units:=:hPa
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:Aura-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/RHI-190/Geolocation Fields/SolarZenithAngle
  volume:=:14213
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:SolarZenithAngle
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/RHI-190/Geolocation Fields/Time
  volume:=:19031
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:Time
  Units:=:s
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:Aura-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/RHI-190/nLevels
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
  REFERENCE_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/RHI-190/nTimes
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
  REFERENCE_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/RHI-190/nTimesTotal
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/RHI-240/Data Fields/Convergence
  volume:=:427
  Units:=:NoUnits
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:RHI-240Convergence
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/RHI-240/Data Fields/L2gpPrecision
  volume:=:271523
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:RHI-240Precision
  Units:=:vmr
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/RHI-240/Data Fields/L2gpValue
  volume:=:232384
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:RHI-240
  Units:=:vmr
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/RHI-240/Data Fields/Quality
  volume:=:427
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:RHI-240Quality
  Units:=:NoUnits
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/RHI-240/Data Fields/Status
  volume:=:426
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:RHI-240Status
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  Units:=:NoUnits
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/RHI-240/Geolocation Fields/ChunkNumber
  volume:=:1852
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:ChunkNumber
  Units:=:NoUnits
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/RHI-240/Geolocation Fields/Latitude
  volume:=:14322
  Title:=:Latitude
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
  Units:=:deg
  MissingValue:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/RHI-240/Geolocation Fields/LineOfSightAngle
  volume:=:13010
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:LineOfSightAngle
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/RHI-240/Geolocation Fields/LocalSolarTime
  volume:=:14074
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:LocalSolarTime
  Units:=:h
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/RHI-240/Geolocation Fields/Longitude
  volume:=:14269
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:Longitude
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/RHI-240/Geolocation Fields/OrbitGeodeticAngle
  volume:=:5868
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:OrbitGeodeticAngle
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/RHI-240/Geolocation Fields/Pressure
  volume:=:88
  _FillValue:=:
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  Title:=:Pressure
  Units:=:hPa
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:Aura-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/RHI-240/Geolocation Fields/SolarZenithAngle
  volume:=:14213
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:SolarZenithAngle
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/RHI-240/Geolocation Fields/Time
  volume:=:19031
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:Time
  Units:=:s
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:Aura-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/RHI-240/nLevels
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
  REFERENCE_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/RHI-240/nTimes
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
  REFERENCE_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/RHI-240/nTimesTotal
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/RHI-APriori/Data Fields/Convergence
  volume:=:427
  Units:=:NoUnits
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:RHI-APrioriConvergence
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/RHI-APriori/Data Fields/L2gpPrecision
  volume:=:493932
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:RHI-APrioriPrecision
  Units:=:vmr
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/RHI-APriori/Data Fields/L2gpValue
  volume:=:493932
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:RHI-APriori
  Units:=:vmr
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/RHI-APriori/Data Fields/Quality
  volume:=:427
  Units:=:NoUnits
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:RHI-APrioriQuality
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/RHI-APriori/Data Fields/Status
  volume:=:426
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:RHI-APrioriStatus
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  Units:=:NoUnits
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/RHI-APriori/Geolocation Fields/ChunkNumber
  volume:=:1852
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:ChunkNumber
  Units:=:NoUnits
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/RHI-APriori/Geolocation Fields/Latitude
  volume:=:14322
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
  Title:=:Latitude
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/RHI-APriori/Geolocation Fields/LineOfSightAngle
  volume:=:13010
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:LineOfSightAngle
  Units:=:deg
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/RHI-APriori/Geolocation Fields/LocalSolarTime
  volume:=:14074
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:LocalSolarTime
  Units:=:h
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/RHI-APriori/Geolocation Fields/Longitude
  volume:=:14269
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:Longitude
  Units:=:deg
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/RHI-APriori/Geolocation Fields/OrbitGeodeticAngle
  volume:=:5868
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:OrbitGeodeticAngle
  Units:=:deg
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/RHI-APriori/Geolocation Fields/Pressure
  volume:=:148
  _FillValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:Aura-Shared
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  Title:=:Pressure
  Units:=:hPa
  MissingValue:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/RHI-APriori/Geolocation Fields/SolarZenithAngle
  volume:=:14213
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:SolarZenithAngle
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/RHI-APriori/Geolocation Fields/Time
  volume:=:19031
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:Time
  Units:=:s
  MissingValue:=:
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:Aura-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/RHI-APriori/nLevels
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
  REFERENCE_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/RHI-APriori/nTimes
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
  REFERENCE_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/RHI-APriori/nTimesTotal
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/RHI-InitRHi/Data Fields/Convergence
  volume:=:427
  Units:=:NoUnits
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:RHI-InitRHiConvergence
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/RHI-InitRHi/Data Fields/L2gpPrecision
  volume:=:2380
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:RHI-InitRHiPrecision
  Units:=:vmr
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/RHI-InitRHi/Data Fields/L2gpValue
  volume:=:289829
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:RHI-InitRHi
  Units:=:vmr
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/RHI-InitRHi/Data Fields/Quality
  volume:=:427
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:RHI-InitRHiQuality
  Units:=:NoUnits
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/RHI-InitRHi/Data Fields/Status
  volume:=:426
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:RHI-InitRHiStatus
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  Units:=:NoUnits
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/RHI-InitRHi/Geolocation Fields/ChunkNumber
  volume:=:1852
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:ChunkNumber
  Units:=:NoUnits
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/RHI-InitRHi/Geolocation Fields/Latitude
  volume:=:14322
  Title:=:Latitude
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
  Units:=:deg
  MissingValue:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/RHI-InitRHi/Geolocation Fields/LineOfSightAngle
  volume:=:13010
  Units:=:deg
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:LineOfSightAngle
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/RHI-InitRHi/Geolocation Fields/LocalSolarTime
  volume:=:14074
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:LocalSolarTime
  Units:=:h
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/RHI-InitRHi/Geolocation Fields/Longitude
  volume:=:14269
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:Longitude
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/RHI-InitRHi/Geolocation Fields/OrbitGeodeticAngle
  volume:=:5868
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:OrbitGeodeticAngle
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/RHI-InitRHi/Geolocation Fields/Pressure
  volume:=:88
  _FillValue:=:
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  Title:=:Pressure
  Units:=:hPa
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:Aura-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/RHI-InitRHi/Geolocation Fields/SolarZenithAngle
  volume:=:14213
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:SolarZenithAngle
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/RHI-InitRHi/Geolocation Fields/Time
  volume:=:19031
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:Time
  Units:=:s
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:Aura-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/RHI-InitRHi/nLevels
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
  REFERENCE_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/RHI-InitRHi/nTimes
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
  REFERENCE_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/RHI-InitRHi/nTimesTotal
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/RHI-InitUTH/Data Fields/Convergence
  volume:=:427
  Units:=:NoUnits
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:RHI-InitUTHConvergence
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/RHI-InitUTH/Data Fields/L2gpPrecision
  volume:=:47633
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:RHI-InitUTHPrecision
  Units:=:vmr
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/RHI-InitUTH/Data Fields/L2gpValue
  volume:=:472989
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:RHI-InitUTH
  Units:=:vmr
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/RHI-InitUTH/Data Fields/Quality
  volume:=:427
  Units:=:NoUnits
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:RHI-InitUTHQuality
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/RHI-InitUTH/Data Fields/Status
  volume:=:426
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:RHI-InitUTHStatus
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  Units:=:NoUnits
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/RHI-InitUTH/Geolocation Fields/ChunkNumber
  volume:=:1852
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:ChunkNumber
  Units:=:NoUnits
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/RHI-InitUTH/Geolocation Fields/Latitude
  volume:=:14322
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
  Title:=:Latitude
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/RHI-InitUTH/Geolocation Fields/LineOfSightAngle
  volume:=:13010
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:LineOfSightAngle
  Units:=:deg
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/RHI-InitUTH/Geolocation Fields/LocalSolarTime
  volume:=:14074
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:LocalSolarTime
  Units:=:h
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/RHI-InitUTH/Geolocation Fields/Longitude
  volume:=:14269
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:Longitude
  Units:=:deg
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/RHI-InitUTH/Geolocation Fields/OrbitGeodeticAngle
  volume:=:5868
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:OrbitGeodeticAngle
  Units:=:deg
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/RHI-InitUTH/Geolocation Fields/Pressure
  volume:=:148
  _FillValue:=:
  MissingValue:=:
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  Title:=:Pressure
  Units:=:hPa
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:Aura-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/RHI-InitUTH/Geolocation Fields/SolarZenithAngle
  volume:=:14213
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:SolarZenithAngle
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/RHI-InitUTH/Geolocation Fields/Time
  volume:=:19031
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:Time
  Units:=:s
  MissingValue:=:
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:Aura-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/RHI-InitUTH/nLevels
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
  REFERENCE_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/RHI-InitUTH/nTimes
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
  REFERENCE_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/RHI-InitUTH/nTimesTotal
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/RHI-R3InitRHi/Data Fields/Convergence
  volume:=:427
  Units:=:NoUnits
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:RHI-R3InitRHiConvergence
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/RHI-R3InitRHi/Data Fields/L2gpPrecision
  volume:=:266988
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:RHI-R3InitRHiPrecision
  Units:=:vmr
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/RHI-R3InitRHi/Data Fields/L2gpValue
  volume:=:238475
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:RHI-R3InitRHi
  Units:=:vmr
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/RHI-R3InitRHi/Data Fields/Quality
  volume:=:427
  _FillValue:=:
  Units:=:NoUnits
  Title:=:RHI-R3InitRHiQuality
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/RHI-R3InitRHi/Data Fields/Status
  volume:=:426
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:RHI-R3InitRHiStatus
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  Units:=:NoUnits
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/RHI-R3InitRHi/Geolocation Fields/ChunkNumber
  volume:=:1852
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:ChunkNumber
  Units:=:NoUnits
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/RHI-R3InitRHi/Geolocation Fields/Latitude
  volume:=:14322
  Title:=:Latitude
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
  Units:=:deg
  MissingValue:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/RHI-R3InitRHi/Geolocation Fields/LineOfSightAngle
  volume:=:13010
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:LineOfSightAngle
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/RHI-R3InitRHi/Geolocation Fields/LocalSolarTime
  volume:=:14074
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:LocalSolarTime
  Units:=:h
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/RHI-R3InitRHi/Geolocation Fields/Longitude
  volume:=:14269
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:Longitude
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/RHI-R3InitRHi/Geolocation Fields/OrbitGeodeticAngle
  volume:=:5868
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:OrbitGeodeticAngle
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/RHI-R3InitRHi/Geolocation Fields/Pressure
  volume:=:88
  _FillValue:=:
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  Title:=:Pressure
  Units:=:hPa
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:Aura-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/RHI-R3InitRHi/Geolocation Fields/SolarZenithAngle
  volume:=:14213
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:SolarZenithAngle
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/RHI-R3InitRHi/Geolocation Fields/Time
  volume:=:19031
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:Time
  Units:=:s
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:Aura-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/RHI-R3InitRHi/nLevels
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
  REFERENCE_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/RHI-R3InitRHi/nTimes
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
  REFERENCE_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/RHI-R3InitRHi/nTimesTotal
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/RHI-StdProd/Data Fields/Convergence
  volume:=:2519
  Units:=:NoUnits
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:RHI-StdProdConvergence
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/RHI-StdProd/Data Fields/L2gpPrecision
  volume:=:663392
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:RHI-StdProdPrecision
  Units:=:vmr
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/RHI-StdProd/Data Fields/L2gpValue
  volume:=:673977
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:RHI-StdProd
  Units:=:vmr
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/RHI-StdProd/Data Fields/Quality
  volume:=:9435
  Units:=:NoUnits
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:RHI-StdProdQuality
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/RHI-StdProd/Data Fields/Status
  volume:=:941
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:RHI-StdProdStatus
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  Units:=:NoUnits
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/RHI-StdProd/Geolocation Fields/ChunkNumber
  volume:=:1852
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:ChunkNumber
  Units:=:NoUnits
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/RHI-StdProd/Geolocation Fields/Latitude
  volume:=:14322
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  MissingValue:=:
  Title:=:Latitude
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/RHI-StdProd/Geolocation Fields/LineOfSightAngle
  volume:=:13010
  Units:=:deg
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:LineOfSightAngle
  MissingValue:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/RHI-StdProd/Geolocation Fields/LocalSolarTime
  volume:=:14074
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:LocalSolarTime
  Units:=:h
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/RHI-StdProd/Geolocation Fields/Longitude
  volume:=:14269
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:Longitude
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/RHI-StdProd/Geolocation Fields/OrbitGeodeticAngle
  volume:=:5868
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:OrbitGeodeticAngle
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/RHI-StdProd/Geolocation Fields/Pressure
  volume:=:220
  _FillValue:=:
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  Title:=:Pressure
  Units:=:hPa
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:Aura-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/RHI-StdProd/Geolocation Fields/SolarZenithAngle
  volume:=:14213
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:SolarZenithAngle
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/RHI-StdProd/Geolocation Fields/Time
  volume:=:19031
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:Time
  Units:=:s
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:Aura-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/RHI-StdProd/nLevels
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
  REFERENCE_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/RHI-StdProd/nTimes
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
  REFERENCE_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/RHI-StdProd/nTimesTotal
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/SO2-190/Data Fields/Convergence
  volume:=:2519
  Units:=:NoUnits
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:SO2-190Convergence
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/SO2-190/Data Fields/L2gpPrecision
  volume:=:118134
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:SO2-190Precision
  Units:=:vmr
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/SO2-190/Data Fields/L2gpValue
  volume:=:183480
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:SO2-190
  Units:=:vmr
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/SO2-190/Data Fields/Quality
  volume:=:9482
  Units:=:NoUnits
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:SO2-190Quality
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/SO2-190/Data Fields/Status
  volume:=:941
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:SO2-190Status
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  Units:=:NoUnits
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/SO2-190/Geolocation Fields/ChunkNumber
  volume:=:1852
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:ChunkNumber
  Units:=:NoUnits
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/SO2-190/Geolocation Fields/Latitude
  volume:=:14322
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
  Title:=:Latitude
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/SO2-190/Geolocation Fields/LineOfSightAngle
  volume:=:13010
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:LineOfSightAngle
  Units:=:deg
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/SO2-190/Geolocation Fields/LocalSolarTime
  volume:=:14074
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:LocalSolarTime
  Units:=:h
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/SO2-190/Geolocation Fields/Longitude
  volume:=:14269
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:Longitude
  Units:=:deg
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/SO2-190/Geolocation Fields/OrbitGeodeticAngle
  volume:=:5868
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:OrbitGeodeticAngle
  Units:=:deg
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/SO2-190/Geolocation Fields/Pressure
  volume:=:148
  _FillValue:=:
  MissingValue:=:
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  Title:=:Pressure
  Units:=:hPa
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:Aura-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/SO2-190/Geolocation Fields/SolarZenithAngle
  volume:=:14213
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:SolarZenithAngle
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/SO2-190/Geolocation Fields/Time
  volume:=:19031
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:Time
  Units:=:s
  MissingValue:=:
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:Aura-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/SO2-190/nLevels
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
  REFERENCE_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/SO2-190/nTimes
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
  REFERENCE_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/SO2-190/nTimesTotal
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/SO2-240/Data Fields/Convergence
  volume:=:2529
  Units:=:NoUnits
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:SO2-240Convergence
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/SO2-240/Data Fields/L2gpPrecision
  volume:=:326632
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:SO2-240Precision
  Units:=:vmr
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/SO2-240/Data Fields/L2gpValue
  volume:=:378261
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:SO2-240
  Units:=:vmr
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/SO2-240/Data Fields/Quality
  volume:=:9222
  Units:=:NoUnits
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:SO2-240Quality
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/SO2-240/Data Fields/Status
  volume:=:1095
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:SO2-240Status
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  Units:=:NoUnits
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/SO2-240/Geolocation Fields/ChunkNumber
  volume:=:1852
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:ChunkNumber
  Units:=:NoUnits
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/SO2-240/Geolocation Fields/Latitude
  volume:=:14322
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
  Title:=:Latitude
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/SO2-240/Geolocation Fields/LineOfSightAngle
  volume:=:13010
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:LineOfSightAngle
  Units:=:deg
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/SO2-240/Geolocation Fields/LocalSolarTime
  volume:=:14074
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:LocalSolarTime
  Units:=:h
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/SO2-240/Geolocation Fields/Longitude
  volume:=:14269
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:Longitude
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/SO2-240/Geolocation Fields/OrbitGeodeticAngle
  volume:=:5868
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:OrbitGeodeticAngle
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/SO2-240/Geolocation Fields/Pressure
  volume:=:148
  _FillValue:=:
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  Title:=:Pressure
  Units:=:hPa
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:Aura-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/SO2-240/Geolocation Fields/SolarZenithAngle
  volume:=:14213
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:SolarZenithAngle
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/SO2-240/Geolocation Fields/Time
  volume:=:19031
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:Time
  Units:=:s
  MissingValue:=:
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:Aura-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/SO2-240/nLevels
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
  REFERENCE_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/SO2-240/nTimes
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
  REFERENCE_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/SO2-240/nTimesTotal
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/SO2-640/Data Fields/Convergence
  volume:=:2521
  Units:=:NoUnits
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:SO2-640Convergence
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/SO2-640/Data Fields/L2gpPrecision
  volume:=:312249
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:SO2-640Precision
  Units:=:vmr
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/SO2-640/Data Fields/L2gpValue
  volume:=:363183
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:SO2-640
  Units:=:vmr
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/SO2-640/Data Fields/Quality
  volume:=:10019
  Units:=:NoUnits
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:SO2-640Quality
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/SO2-640/Data Fields/Status
  volume:=:1200
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:SO2-640Status
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  Units:=:NoUnits
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/SO2-640/Geolocation Fields/ChunkNumber
  volume:=:1852
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:ChunkNumber
  Units:=:NoUnits
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/SO2-640/Geolocation Fields/Latitude
  volume:=:14322
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
  Title:=:Latitude
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/SO2-640/Geolocation Fields/LineOfSightAngle
  volume:=:13010
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:LineOfSightAngle
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/SO2-640/Geolocation Fields/LocalSolarTime
  volume:=:14074
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:LocalSolarTime
  Units:=:h
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/SO2-640/Geolocation Fields/Longitude
  volume:=:14269
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:Longitude
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/SO2-640/Geolocation Fields/OrbitGeodeticAngle
  volume:=:5868
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:OrbitGeodeticAngle
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/SO2-640/Geolocation Fields/Pressure
  volume:=:148
  _FillValue:=:
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  Title:=:Pressure
  Units:=:hPa
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:Aura-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/SO2-640/Geolocation Fields/SolarZenithAngle
  volume:=:14213
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:SolarZenithAngle
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/SO2-640/Geolocation Fields/Time
  volume:=:19031
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:Time
  Units:=:s
  MissingValue:=:
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:Aura-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/SO2-640/nLevels
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
  REFERENCE_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/SO2-640/nTimes
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
  REFERENCE_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/SO2-640/nTimesTotal
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/SO2-640-B13/Data Fields/Convergence
  volume:=:2529
  Units:=:NoUnits
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:SO2-640-B13Convergence
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/SO2-640-B13/Data Fields/L2gpPrecision
  volume:=:313259
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:SO2-640-B13Precision
  Units:=:vmr
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/SO2-640-B13/Data Fields/L2gpValue
  volume:=:357469
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:SO2-640-B13
  Units:=:vmr
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/SO2-640-B13/Data Fields/Quality
  volume:=:10051
  Units:=:NoUnits
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:SO2-640-B13Quality
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/SO2-640-B13/Data Fields/Status
  volume:=:1200
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:SO2-640-B13Status
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  Units:=:NoUnits
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/SO2-640-B13/Geolocation Fields/ChunkNumber
  volume:=:1852
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:ChunkNumber
  Units:=:NoUnits
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/SO2-640-B13/Geolocation Fields/Latitude
  volume:=:14322
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
  Title:=:Latitude
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/SO2-640-B13/Geolocation Fields/LineOfSightAngle
  volume:=:13010
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:LineOfSightAngle
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/SO2-640-B13/Geolocation Fields/LocalSolarTime
  volume:=:14074
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:LocalSolarTime
  Units:=:h
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/SO2-640-B13/Geolocation Fields/Longitude
  volume:=:14269
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:Longitude
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/SO2-640-B13/Geolocation Fields/OrbitGeodeticAngle
  volume:=:5868
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:OrbitGeodeticAngle
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/SO2-640-B13/Geolocation Fields/Pressure
  volume:=:148
  _FillValue:=:
  Units:=:hPa
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:Aura-Shared
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  Title:=:Pressure
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/SO2-640-B13/Geolocation Fields/SolarZenithAngle
  volume:=:14213
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:SolarZenithAngle
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/SO2-640-B13/Geolocation Fields/Time
  volume:=:19031
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:Time
  Units:=:s
  MissingValue:=:
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:Aura-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/SO2-640-B13/nLevels
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
  REFERENCE_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/SO2-640-B13/nTimes
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
  REFERENCE_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/SO2-640-B13/nTimesTotal
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/SO2-APriori/Data Fields/Convergence
  volume:=:427
  Units:=:NoUnits
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:SO2-APrioriConvergence
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/SO2-APriori/Data Fields/L2gpPrecision
  volume:=:3519
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:SO2-APrioriPrecision
  Units:=:vmr
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/SO2-APriori/Data Fields/L2gpValue
  volume:=:3020
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:SO2-APriori
  Units:=:vmr
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/SO2-APriori/Data Fields/Quality
  volume:=:427
  Units:=:NoUnits
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:SO2-APrioriQuality
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/SO2-APriori/Data Fields/Status
  volume:=:426
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:SO2-APrioriStatus
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  Units:=:NoUnits
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/SO2-APriori/Geolocation Fields/ChunkNumber
  volume:=:1852
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:ChunkNumber
  Units:=:NoUnits
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/SO2-APriori/Geolocation Fields/Latitude
  volume:=:14322
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
  Title:=:Latitude
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/SO2-APriori/Geolocation Fields/LineOfSightAngle
  volume:=:13010
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:LineOfSightAngle
  Units:=:deg
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/SO2-APriori/Geolocation Fields/LocalSolarTime
  volume:=:14074
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:LocalSolarTime
  Units:=:h
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/SO2-APriori/Geolocation Fields/Longitude
  volume:=:14269
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:Longitude
  Units:=:deg
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/SO2-APriori/Geolocation Fields/OrbitGeodeticAngle
  volume:=:5868
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:OrbitGeodeticAngle
  Units:=:deg
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/SO2-APriori/Geolocation Fields/Pressure
  volume:=:148
  _FillValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:Aura-Shared
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  Title:=:Pressure
  Units:=:hPa
  MissingValue:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/SO2-APriori/Geolocation Fields/SolarZenithAngle
  volume:=:14213
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:SolarZenithAngle
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/SO2-APriori/Geolocation Fields/Time
  volume:=:19031
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:Time
  Units:=:s
  MissingValue:=:
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:Aura-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/SO2-APriori/nLevels
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
  REFERENCE_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/SO2-APriori/nTimes
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
  REFERENCE_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/SO2-APriori/nTimesTotal
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/SO2-CorePlusR4B/Data Fields/Convergence
  volume:=:2533
  Units:=:NoUnits
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:SO2-CorePlusR4BConvergence
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/SO2-CorePlusR4B/Data Fields/L2gpPrecision
  volume:=:3520
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:SO2-CorePlusR4BPrecision
  Units:=:vmr
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/SO2-CorePlusR4B/Data Fields/L2gpValue
  volume:=:58158
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:SO2-CorePlusR4B
  Units:=:vmr
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/SO2-CorePlusR4B/Data Fields/Quality
  volume:=:427
  Units:=:NoUnits
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:SO2-CorePlusR4BQuality
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/SO2-CorePlusR4B/Data Fields/Status
  volume:=:1310
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:SO2-CorePlusR4BStatus
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  Units:=:NoUnits
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/SO2-CorePlusR4B/Geolocation Fields/ChunkNumber
  volume:=:1852
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:ChunkNumber
  Units:=:NoUnits
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/SO2-CorePlusR4B/Geolocation Fields/Latitude
  volume:=:14322
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
  Title:=:Latitude
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/SO2-CorePlusR4B/Geolocation Fields/LineOfSightAngle
  volume:=:13010
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:LineOfSightAngle
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/SO2-CorePlusR4B/Geolocation Fields/LocalSolarTime
  volume:=:14074
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:LocalSolarTime
  Units:=:h
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/SO2-CorePlusR4B/Geolocation Fields/Longitude
  volume:=:14269
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:Longitude
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/SO2-CorePlusR4B/Geolocation Fields/OrbitGeodeticAngle
  volume:=:5868
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:OrbitGeodeticAngle
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/SO2-CorePlusR4B/Geolocation Fields/Pressure
  volume:=:148
  _FillValue:=:
  Units:=:hPa
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:Aura-Shared
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  Title:=:Pressure
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/SO2-CorePlusR4B/Geolocation Fields/SolarZenithAngle
  volume:=:14213
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:SolarZenithAngle
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/SO2-CorePlusR4B/Geolocation Fields/Time
  volume:=:19031
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:Time
  Units:=:s
  MissingValue:=:
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:Aura-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/SO2-CorePlusR4B/nLevels
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
  REFERENCE_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/SO2-CorePlusR4B/nTimes
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
  REFERENCE_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/SO2-CorePlusR4B/nTimesTotal
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/SO2-InitR2/Data Fields/Convergence
  volume:=:427
  Units:=:NoUnits
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:SO2-InitR2Convergence
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/SO2-InitR2/Data Fields/L2gpPrecision
  volume:=:117176
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:SO2-InitR2Precision
  Units:=:vmr
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/SO2-InitR2/Data Fields/L2gpValue
  volume:=:127895
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:SO2-InitR2
  Units:=:vmr
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/SO2-InitR2/Data Fields/Quality
  volume:=:427
  Units:=:NoUnits
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:SO2-InitR2Quality
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/SO2-InitR2/Data Fields/Status
  volume:=:426
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:SO2-InitR2Status
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  Units:=:NoUnits
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/SO2-InitR2/Geolocation Fields/ChunkNumber
  volume:=:1852
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:ChunkNumber
  Units:=:NoUnits
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/SO2-InitR2/Geolocation Fields/Latitude
  volume:=:14322
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
  Title:=:Latitude
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/SO2-InitR2/Geolocation Fields/LineOfSightAngle
  volume:=:13010
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:LineOfSightAngle
  Units:=:deg
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/SO2-InitR2/Geolocation Fields/LocalSolarTime
  volume:=:14074
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:LocalSolarTime
  Units:=:h
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/SO2-InitR2/Geolocation Fields/Longitude
  volume:=:14269
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:Longitude
  Units:=:deg
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/SO2-InitR2/Geolocation Fields/OrbitGeodeticAngle
  volume:=:5868
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:OrbitGeodeticAngle
  Units:=:deg
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/SO2-InitR2/Geolocation Fields/Pressure
  volume:=:148
  _FillValue:=:
  MissingValue:=:
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  Title:=:Pressure
  Units:=:hPa
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:Aura-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/SO2-InitR2/Geolocation Fields/SolarZenithAngle
  volume:=:14213
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:SolarZenithAngle
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/SO2-InitR2/Geolocation Fields/Time
  volume:=:19031
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:Time
  Units:=:s
  MissingValue:=:
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:Aura-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/SO2-InitR2/nLevels
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
  REFERENCE_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/SO2-InitR2/nTimes
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
  REFERENCE_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/SO2-InitR2/nTimesTotal
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/SO2-StdProd/Data Fields/Convergence
  volume:=:2529
  Units:=:NoUnits
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:SO2-StdProdConvergence
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/SO2-StdProd/Data Fields/L2gpPrecision
  volume:=:326632
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:SO2-StdProdPrecision
  Units:=:vmr
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/SO2-StdProd/Data Fields/L2gpValue
  volume:=:378261
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:SO2-StdProd
  Units:=:vmr
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/SO2-StdProd/Data Fields/Quality
  volume:=:9222
  Units:=:NoUnits
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:SO2-StdProdQuality
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/SO2-StdProd/Data Fields/Status
  volume:=:1095
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:SO2-StdProdStatus
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  Units:=:NoUnits
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/SO2-StdProd/Geolocation Fields/ChunkNumber
  volume:=:1852
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:ChunkNumber
  Units:=:NoUnits
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/SO2-StdProd/Geolocation Fields/Latitude
  volume:=:14322
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
  Title:=:Latitude
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/SO2-StdProd/Geolocation Fields/LineOfSightAngle
  volume:=:13010
  Units:=:deg
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:LineOfSightAngle
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/SO2-StdProd/Geolocation Fields/LocalSolarTime
  volume:=:14074
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:LocalSolarTime
  Units:=:h
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/SO2-StdProd/Geolocation Fields/Longitude
  volume:=:14269
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:Longitude
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/SO2-StdProd/Geolocation Fields/OrbitGeodeticAngle
  volume:=:5868
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:OrbitGeodeticAngle
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/SO2-StdProd/Geolocation Fields/Pressure
  volume:=:148
  _FillValue:=:
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  Title:=:Pressure
  Units:=:hPa
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:Aura-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/SO2-StdProd/Geolocation Fields/SolarZenithAngle
  volume:=:14213
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:SolarZenithAngle
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/SO2-StdProd/Geolocation Fields/Time
  volume:=:19031
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:Time
  Units:=:s
  MissingValue:=:
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:Aura-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/SO2-StdProd/nLevels
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
  REFERENCE_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/SO2-StdProd/nTimes
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
  REFERENCE_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/SO2-StdProd/nTimesTotal
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/Temperature-APriori/Data Fields/Convergence
  volume:=:427
  Units:=:NoUnits
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:Temperature-APrioriConvergence
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/Temperature-APriori/Data Fields/L2gpPrecision
  volume:=:9862
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:Temperature-APrioriPrecision
  Units:=:vmr
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/Temperature-APriori/Data Fields/L2gpValue
  volume:=:643589
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:Temperature-APriori
  Units:=:vmr
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/Temperature-APriori/Data Fields/Quality
  volume:=:427
  Units:=:NoUnits
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:Temperature-APrioriQuality
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/Temperature-APriori/Data Fields/Status
  volume:=:426
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:Temperature-APrioriStatus
  Units:=:NoUnits
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/Temperature-APriori/Geolocation Fields/ChunkNumber
  volume:=:1852
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:ChunkNumber
  Units:=:NoUnits
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/Temperature-APriori/Geolocation Fields/Latitude
  volume:=:14322
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  MissingValue:=:
  Title:=:Latitude
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/Temperature-APriori/Geolocation Fields/LineOfSightAngle
  volume:=:13010
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:LineOfSightAngle
  Units:=:deg
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/Temperature-APriori/Geolocation Fields/LocalSolarTime
  volume:=:14074
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:LocalSolarTime
  Units:=:h
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/Temperature-APriori/Geolocation Fields/Longitude
  volume:=:14269
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:Longitude
  Units:=:deg
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/Temperature-APriori/Geolocation Fields/OrbitGeodeticAngle
  volume:=:5868
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:OrbitGeodeticAngle
  Units:=:deg
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/Temperature-APriori/Geolocation Fields/Pressure
  volume:=:220
  _FillValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:Aura-Shared
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  Title:=:Pressure
  Units:=:hPa
  MissingValue:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/Temperature-APriori/Geolocation Fields/SolarZenithAngle
  volume:=:14213
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:SolarZenithAngle
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/Temperature-APriori/Geolocation Fields/Time
  volume:=:19031
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:Time
  Units:=:s
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:Aura-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/Temperature-APriori/nLevels
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
  REFERENCE_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/Temperature-APriori/nTimes
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
  REFERENCE_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/Temperature-APriori/nTimesTotal
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/Temperature-Core/Data Fields/Convergence
  volume:=:2526
  Units:=:NoUnits
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:Temperature-CoreConvergence
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/Temperature-Core/Data Fields/L2gpPrecision
  volume:=:569450
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:Temperature-CorePrecision
  Units:=:vmr
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/Temperature-Core/Data Fields/L2gpValue
  volume:=:647315
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:Temperature-Core
  Units:=:vmr
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/Temperature-Core/Data Fields/Quality
  volume:=:9380
  Units:=:NoUnits
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:Temperature-CoreQuality
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/Temperature-Core/Data Fields/Status
  volume:=:1213
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:Temperature-CoreStatus
  Units:=:NoUnits
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/Temperature-Core/Geolocation Fields/ChunkNumber
  volume:=:1852
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:ChunkNumber
  Units:=:NoUnits
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/Temperature-Core/Geolocation Fields/Latitude
  volume:=:14322
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  MissingValue:=:
  Title:=:Latitude
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/Temperature-Core/Geolocation Fields/LineOfSightAngle
  volume:=:13010
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:LineOfSightAngle
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/Temperature-Core/Geolocation Fields/LocalSolarTime
  volume:=:14074
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:LocalSolarTime
  Units:=:h
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/Temperature-Core/Geolocation Fields/Longitude
  volume:=:14269
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:Longitude
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/Temperature-Core/Geolocation Fields/OrbitGeodeticAngle
  volume:=:5868
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:OrbitGeodeticAngle
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/Temperature-Core/Geolocation Fields/Pressure
  volume:=:220
  _FillValue:=:
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  Title:=:Pressure
  Units:=:hPa
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:Aura-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/Temperature-Core/Geolocation Fields/SolarZenithAngle
  volume:=:14213
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:SolarZenithAngle
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/Temperature-Core/Geolocation Fields/Time
  volume:=:19031
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:Time
  Units:=:s
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:Aura-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/Temperature-Core/nLevels
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
  REFERENCE_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/Temperature-Core/nTimes
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
  REFERENCE_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/Temperature-Core/nTimesTotal
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/Temperature-CorePlusR3/Data Fields/Convergence
  volume:=:2529
  Units:=:NoUnits
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:Temperature-CorePlusR3Convergence
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/Temperature-CorePlusR3/Data Fields/L2gpPrecision
  volume:=:570863
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:Temperature-CorePlusR3Precision
  Units:=:vmr
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/Temperature-CorePlusR3/Data Fields/L2gpValue
  volume:=:647592
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:Temperature-CorePlusR3
  Units:=:vmr
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/Temperature-CorePlusR3/Data Fields/Quality
  volume:=:9222
  Units:=:NoUnits
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:Temperature-CorePlusR3Quality
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/Temperature-CorePlusR3/Data Fields/Status
  volume:=:1095
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:Temperature-CorePlusR3Status
  Units:=:NoUnits
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/Temperature-CorePlusR3/Geolocation Fields/ChunkNumber
  volume:=:1852
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:ChunkNumber
  Units:=:NoUnits
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/Temperature-CorePlusR3/Geolocation Fields/Latitude
  volume:=:14322
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  MissingValue:=:
  Title:=:Latitude
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/Temperature-CorePlusR3/Geolocation Fields/LineOfSightAngle
  volume:=:13010
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:LineOfSightAngle
  Units:=:deg
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/Temperature-CorePlusR3/Geolocation Fields/LocalSolarTime
  volume:=:14074
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:LocalSolarTime
  Units:=:h
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/Temperature-CorePlusR3/Geolocation Fields/Longitude
  volume:=:14269
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:Longitude
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/Temperature-CorePlusR3/Geolocation Fields/OrbitGeodeticAngle
  volume:=:5868
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:OrbitGeodeticAngle
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/Temperature-CorePlusR3/Geolocation Fields/Pressure
  volume:=:220
  _FillValue:=:
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  Title:=:Pressure
  Units:=:hPa
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:Aura-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/Temperature-CorePlusR3/Geolocation Fields/SolarZenithAngle
  volume:=:14213
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:SolarZenithAngle
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/Temperature-CorePlusR3/Geolocation Fields/Time
  volume:=:19031
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:Time
  Units:=:s
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:Aura-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/Temperature-CorePlusR3/nLevels
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
  REFERENCE_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/Temperature-CorePlusR3/nTimes
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
  REFERENCE_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/Temperature-CorePlusR3/nTimesTotal
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/Temperature-CorePlusR5/Data Fields/Convergence
  volume:=:2516
  Units:=:NoUnits
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:Temperature-CorePlusR5Convergence
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/Temperature-CorePlusR5/Data Fields/L2gpPrecision
  volume:=:484580
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:Temperature-CorePlusR5Precision
  Units:=:vmr
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/Temperature-CorePlusR5/Data Fields/L2gpValue
  volume:=:646717
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:Temperature-CorePlusR5
  Units:=:vmr
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/Temperature-CorePlusR5/Data Fields/Quality
  volume:=:9506
  Units:=:NoUnits
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:Temperature-CorePlusR5Quality
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/Temperature-CorePlusR5/Data Fields/Status
  volume:=:529
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:Temperature-CorePlusR5Status
  Units:=:NoUnits
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/Temperature-CorePlusR5/Geolocation Fields/ChunkNumber
  volume:=:1852
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:ChunkNumber
  Units:=:NoUnits
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/Temperature-CorePlusR5/Geolocation Fields/Latitude
  volume:=:14322
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  MissingValue:=:
  Title:=:Latitude
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/Temperature-CorePlusR5/Geolocation Fields/LineOfSightAngle
  volume:=:13010
  Units:=:deg
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:LineOfSightAngle
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/Temperature-CorePlusR5/Geolocation Fields/LocalSolarTime
  volume:=:14074
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:LocalSolarTime
  Units:=:h
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/Temperature-CorePlusR5/Geolocation Fields/Longitude
  volume:=:14269
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:Longitude
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/Temperature-CorePlusR5/Geolocation Fields/OrbitGeodeticAngle
  volume:=:5868
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:OrbitGeodeticAngle
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/Temperature-CorePlusR5/Geolocation Fields/Pressure
  volume:=:220
  _FillValue:=:
  Units:=:hPa
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:Aura-Shared
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  Title:=:Pressure
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/Temperature-CorePlusR5/Geolocation Fields/SolarZenithAngle
  volume:=:14213
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:SolarZenithAngle
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/Temperature-CorePlusR5/Geolocation Fields/Time
  volume:=:19031
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:Time
  Units:=:s
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:Aura-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/Temperature-CorePlusR5/nLevels
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
  REFERENCE_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/Temperature-CorePlusR5/nTimes
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
  REFERENCE_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/Temperature-CorePlusR5/nTimesTotal
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/Temperature-FinalPtan/Data Fields/Convergence
  volume:=:427
  Units:=:NoUnits
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:Temperature-FinalPtanConvergence
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/Temperature-FinalPtan/Data Fields/L2gpPrecision
  volume:=:569450
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:Temperature-FinalPtanPrecision
  Units:=:vmr
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/Temperature-FinalPtan/Data Fields/L2gpValue
  volume:=:647315
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:Temperature-FinalPtan
  Units:=:vmr
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/Temperature-FinalPtan/Data Fields/Quality
  volume:=:427
  Units:=:NoUnits
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:Temperature-FinalPtanQuality
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/Temperature-FinalPtan/Data Fields/Status
  volume:=:426
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:Temperature-FinalPtanStatus
  Units:=:NoUnits
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/Temperature-FinalPtan/Geolocation Fields/ChunkNumber
  volume:=:1852
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:ChunkNumber
  Units:=:NoUnits
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/Temperature-FinalPtan/Geolocation Fields/Latitude
  volume:=:14322
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  MissingValue:=:
  Title:=:Latitude
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/Temperature-FinalPtan/Geolocation Fields/LineOfSightAngle
  volume:=:13010
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:LineOfSightAngle
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/Temperature-FinalPtan/Geolocation Fields/LocalSolarTime
  volume:=:14074
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:LocalSolarTime
  Units:=:h
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/Temperature-FinalPtan/Geolocation Fields/Longitude
  volume:=:14269
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:Longitude
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/Temperature-FinalPtan/Geolocation Fields/OrbitGeodeticAngle
  volume:=:5868
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:OrbitGeodeticAngle
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/Temperature-FinalPtan/Geolocation Fields/Pressure
  volume:=:220
  _FillValue:=:
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  Title:=:Pressure
  Units:=:hPa
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:Aura-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/Temperature-FinalPtan/Geolocation Fields/SolarZenithAngle
  volume:=:14213
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:SolarZenithAngle
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/Temperature-FinalPtan/Geolocation Fields/Time
  volume:=:19031
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:Time
  Units:=:s
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:Aura-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/Temperature-FinalPtan/nLevels
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
  REFERENCE_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/Temperature-FinalPtan/nTimes
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
  REFERENCE_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/Temperature-FinalPtan/nTimesTotal
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/Temperature-InitPtan/Data Fields/Convergence
  volume:=:427
  Units:=:NoUnits
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:Temperature-InitPtanConvergence
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/Temperature-InitPtan/Data Fields/L2gpPrecision
  volume:=:549172
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:Temperature-InitPtanPrecision
  Units:=:vmr
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/Temperature-InitPtan/Data Fields/L2gpValue
  volume:=:646070
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:Temperature-InitPtan
  Units:=:vmr
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/Temperature-InitPtan/Data Fields/Quality
  volume:=:427
  Units:=:NoUnits
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:Temperature-InitPtanQuality
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/Temperature-InitPtan/Data Fields/Status
  volume:=:426
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:Temperature-InitPtanStatus
  Units:=:NoUnits
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/Temperature-InitPtan/Geolocation Fields/ChunkNumber
  volume:=:1852
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:ChunkNumber
  Units:=:NoUnits
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/Temperature-InitPtan/Geolocation Fields/Latitude
  volume:=:14322
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  MissingValue:=:
  Title:=:Latitude
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/Temperature-InitPtan/Geolocation Fields/LineOfSightAngle
  volume:=:13010
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:LineOfSightAngle
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/Temperature-InitPtan/Geolocation Fields/LocalSolarTime
  volume:=:14074
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:LocalSolarTime
  Units:=:h
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/Temperature-InitPtan/Geolocation Fields/Longitude
  volume:=:14269
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:Longitude
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/Temperature-InitPtan/Geolocation Fields/OrbitGeodeticAngle
  volume:=:5868
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:OrbitGeodeticAngle
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/Temperature-InitPtan/Geolocation Fields/Pressure
  volume:=:220
  _FillValue:=:
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  Title:=:Pressure
  Units:=:hPa
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:Aura-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/Temperature-InitPtan/Geolocation Fields/SolarZenithAngle
  volume:=:14213
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:SolarZenithAngle
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/Temperature-InitPtan/Geolocation Fields/Time
  volume:=:19031
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:Time
  Units:=:s
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:Aura-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/Temperature-InitPtan/nLevels
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
  REFERENCE_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/Temperature-InitPtan/nTimes
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
  REFERENCE_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/Temperature-InitPtan/nTimesTotal
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/Temperature-StdProd/Data Fields/Convergence
  volume:=:2526
  Units:=:NoUnits
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:Temperature-StdProdConvergence
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/Temperature-StdProd/Data Fields/L2gpPrecision
  volume:=:572263
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:Temperature-StdProdPrecision
  Units:=:vmr
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/Temperature-StdProd/Data Fields/L2gpValue
  volume:=:647315
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:Temperature-StdProd
  Units:=:vmr
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/Temperature-StdProd/Data Fields/Quality
  volume:=:9380
  Units:=:NoUnits
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:Temperature-StdProdQuality
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/Temperature-StdProd/Data Fields/Status
  volume:=:1213
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:Temperature-StdProdStatus
  Units:=:NoUnits
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/Temperature-StdProd/Geolocation Fields/ChunkNumber
  volume:=:1852
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:ChunkNumber
  Units:=:NoUnits
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/Temperature-StdProd/Geolocation Fields/Latitude
  volume:=:14322
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  MissingValue:=:
  Title:=:Latitude
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/Temperature-StdProd/Geolocation Fields/LineOfSightAngle
  volume:=:13010
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:LineOfSightAngle
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/Temperature-StdProd/Geolocation Fields/LocalSolarTime
  volume:=:14074
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:LocalSolarTime
  Units:=:h
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/Temperature-StdProd/Geolocation Fields/Longitude
  volume:=:14269
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:Longitude
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/Temperature-StdProd/Geolocation Fields/OrbitGeodeticAngle
  volume:=:5868
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:OrbitGeodeticAngle
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/Temperature-StdProd/Geolocation Fields/Pressure
  volume:=:220
  _FillValue:=:
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  Title:=:Pressure
  Units:=:hPa
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:Aura-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/Temperature-StdProd/Geolocation Fields/SolarZenithAngle
  volume:=:14213
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:SolarZenithAngle
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/Temperature-StdProd/Geolocation Fields/Time
  volume:=:19031
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:Time
  Units:=:s
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:Aura-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/Temperature-StdProd/nLevels
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
  REFERENCE_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/Temperature-StdProd/nTimes
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
  REFERENCE_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/Temperature-StdProd/nTimesTotal
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/Temperature-UpdatePtan/Data Fields/Convergence
  volume:=:427
  Units:=:NoUnits
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:Temperature-UpdatePtanConvergence
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/Temperature-UpdatePtan/Data Fields/L2gpPrecision
  volume:=:558552
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:Temperature-UpdatePtanPrecision
  Units:=:vmr
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/Temperature-UpdatePtan/Data Fields/L2gpValue
  volume:=:647208
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:Temperature-UpdatePtan
  Units:=:vmr
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/Temperature-UpdatePtan/Data Fields/Quality
  volume:=:427
  Units:=:NoUnits
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:Temperature-UpdatePtanQuality
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/Temperature-UpdatePtan/Data Fields/Status
  volume:=:426
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:Temperature-UpdatePtanStatus
  Units:=:NoUnits
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/Temperature-UpdatePtan/Geolocation Fields/ChunkNumber
  volume:=:1852
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:ChunkNumber
  Units:=:NoUnits
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/Temperature-UpdatePtan/Geolocation Fields/Latitude
  volume:=:14322
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  MissingValue:=:
  Title:=:Latitude
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/Temperature-UpdatePtan/Geolocation Fields/LineOfSightAngle
  volume:=:13010
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:LineOfSightAngle
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/Temperature-UpdatePtan/Geolocation Fields/LocalSolarTime
  volume:=:14074
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:LocalSolarTime
  Units:=:h
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/Temperature-UpdatePtan/Geolocation Fields/Longitude
  volume:=:14269
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:Longitude
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/Temperature-UpdatePtan/Geolocation Fields/OrbitGeodeticAngle
  volume:=:5868
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:OrbitGeodeticAngle
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/Temperature-UpdatePtan/Geolocation Fields/Pressure
  volume:=:220
  _FillValue:=:
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  Title:=:Pressure
  Units:=:hPa
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:Aura-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/Temperature-UpdatePtan/Geolocation Fields/SolarZenithAngle
  volume:=:14213
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:SolarZenithAngle
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/Temperature-UpdatePtan/Geolocation Fields/Time
  volume:=:19031
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:Time
  Units:=:s
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:Aura-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/Temperature-UpdatePtan/nLevels
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
  REFERENCE_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/Temperature-UpdatePtan/nTimes
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
  REFERENCE_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/Temperature-UpdatePtan/nTimesTotal
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/UTRHI-APriori/Data Fields/Convergence
  volume:=:427
  Units:=:NoUnits
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:UTRHI-APrioriConvergence
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/UTRHI-APriori/Data Fields/L2gpPrecision
  volume:=:427
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:UTRHI-APrioriPrecision
  Units:=:vmr
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/UTRHI-APriori/Data Fields/L2gpValue
  volume:=:427
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:UTRHI-APriori
  Units:=:vmr
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/UTRHI-APriori/Data Fields/Quality
  volume:=:427
  Units:=:NoUnits
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:UTRHI-APrioriQuality
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/UTRHI-APriori/Data Fields/Status
  volume:=:426
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:UTRHI-APrioriStatus
  Units:=:NoUnits
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/UTRHI-APriori/Geolocation Fields/ChunkNumber
  volume:=:1852
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:ChunkNumber
  Units:=:NoUnits
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/UTRHI-APriori/Geolocation Fields/Latitude
  volume:=:14322
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
  Title:=:Latitude
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/UTRHI-APriori/Geolocation Fields/LineOfSightAngle
  volume:=:13010
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:LineOfSightAngle
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/UTRHI-APriori/Geolocation Fields/LocalSolarTime
  volume:=:14074
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:LocalSolarTime
  Units:=:h
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/UTRHI-APriori/Geolocation Fields/Longitude
  volume:=:14269
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:Longitude
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/UTRHI-APriori/Geolocation Fields/OrbitGeodeticAngle
  volume:=:5868
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:OrbitGeodeticAngle
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/UTRHI-APriori/Geolocation Fields/Pressure
  volume:=:4
  _FillValue:=:
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  Title:=:Pressure
  Units:=:hPa
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:Aura-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/UTRHI-APriori/Geolocation Fields/SolarZenithAngle
  volume:=:14213
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:SolarZenithAngle
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/UTRHI-APriori/Geolocation Fields/Time
  volume:=:19031
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:Time
  Units:=:s
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:Aura-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/UTRHI-APriori/nLevels
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
  REFERENCE_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/UTRHI-APriori/nTimes
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
  REFERENCE_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/UTRHI-APriori/nTimesTotal
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/UTRHI-InitRHi/Data Fields/Convergence
  volume:=:427
  Units:=:NoUnits
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:UTRHI-InitRHiConvergence
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/UTRHI-InitRHi/Data Fields/L2gpPrecision
  volume:=:14288
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:UTRHI-InitRHiPrecision
  Units:=:vmr
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/UTRHI-InitRHi/Data Fields/L2gpValue
  volume:=:12869
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:UTRHI-InitRHi
  Units:=:vmr
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/UTRHI-InitRHi/Data Fields/Quality
  volume:=:427
  Units:=:NoUnits
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:UTRHI-InitRHiQuality
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/UTRHI-InitRHi/Data Fields/Status
  volume:=:426
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:UTRHI-InitRHiStatus
  Units:=:NoUnits
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/UTRHI-InitRHi/Geolocation Fields/ChunkNumber
  volume:=:1852
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:ChunkNumber
  Units:=:NoUnits
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/UTRHI-InitRHi/Geolocation Fields/Latitude
  volume:=:14322
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
  Title:=:Latitude
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/UTRHI-InitRHi/Geolocation Fields/LineOfSightAngle
  volume:=:13010
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:LineOfSightAngle
  Units:=:deg
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/UTRHI-InitRHi/Geolocation Fields/LocalSolarTime
  volume:=:14074
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:LocalSolarTime
  Units:=:h
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/UTRHI-InitRHi/Geolocation Fields/Longitude
  volume:=:14269
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:Longitude
  Units:=:deg
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/UTRHI-InitRHi/Geolocation Fields/OrbitGeodeticAngle
  volume:=:5868
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:OrbitGeodeticAngle
  Units:=:deg
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/UTRHI-InitRHi/Geolocation Fields/Pressure
  volume:=:4
  _FillValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:Aura-Shared
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  Title:=:Pressure
  Units:=:hPa
  MissingValue:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/UTRHI-InitRHi/Geolocation Fields/SolarZenithAngle
  volume:=:14213
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:SolarZenithAngle
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/UTRHI-InitRHi/Geolocation Fields/Time
  volume:=:19031
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:Time
  Units:=:s
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:Aura-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/UTRHI-InitRHi/nLevels
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
  REFERENCE_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/UTRHI-InitRHi/nTimes
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
  REFERENCE_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/UTRHI-InitRHi/nTimesTotal
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/UTRHI-StdProd/Data Fields/Convergence
  volume:=:427
  Units:=:NoUnits
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:UTRHI-StdProdConvergence
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/UTRHI-StdProd/Data Fields/L2gpPrecision
  volume:=:14288
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:UTRHI-StdProdPrecision
  Units:=:vmr
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/UTRHI-StdProd/Data Fields/L2gpValue
  volume:=:12869
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:UTRHI-StdProd
  Units:=:vmr
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/UTRHI-StdProd/Data Fields/Quality
  volume:=:427
  Units:=:NoUnits
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:UTRHI-StdProdQuality
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/UTRHI-StdProd/Data Fields/Status
  volume:=:426
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:UTRHI-StdProdStatus
  Units:=:NoUnits
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/UTRHI-StdProd/Geolocation Fields/ChunkNumber
  volume:=:1852
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:ChunkNumber
  Units:=:NoUnits
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/UTRHI-StdProd/Geolocation Fields/Latitude
  volume:=:14322
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
  Title:=:Latitude
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/UTRHI-StdProd/Geolocation Fields/LineOfSightAngle
  volume:=:13010
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:LineOfSightAngle
  Units:=:deg
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/UTRHI-StdProd/Geolocation Fields/LocalSolarTime
  volume:=:14074
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:LocalSolarTime
  Units:=:h
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/UTRHI-StdProd/Geolocation Fields/Longitude
  volume:=:14269
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:Longitude
  Units:=:deg
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/UTRHI-StdProd/Geolocation Fields/OrbitGeodeticAngle
  volume:=:5868
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:OrbitGeodeticAngle
  Units:=:deg
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/UTRHI-StdProd/Geolocation Fields/Pressure
  volume:=:4
  _FillValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:Aura-Shared
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  Title:=:Pressure
  Units:=:hPa
  MissingValue:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/UTRHI-StdProd/Geolocation Fields/SolarZenithAngle
  volume:=:14213
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:SolarZenithAngle
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/UTRHI-StdProd/Geolocation Fields/Time
  volume:=:19031
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:Time
  Units:=:s
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:Aura-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/UTRHI-StdProd/nLevels
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
  REFERENCE_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/UTRHI-StdProd/nTimes
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
  REFERENCE_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/UTRHI-StdProd/nTimesTotal
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/WMOTPPressure-StdProd-GEOS5/Data Fields/Convergence
  volume:=:427
  Units:=:NoUnits
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:WMOTPPressure-StdProd-GEOS5Convergence
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/WMOTPPressure-StdProd-GEOS5/Data Fields/L2gpPrecision
  volume:=:427
  Units:=:hPa
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:WMOTPPressure-StdProd-GEOS5Precision
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/WMOTPPressure-StdProd-GEOS5/Data Fields/L2gpValue
  volume:=:14058
  Units:=:hPa
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:WMOTPPressure-StdProd-GEOS5
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/WMOTPPressure-StdProd-GEOS5/Data Fields/Quality
  volume:=:427
  _FillValue:=:
  Units:=:NoUnits
  Title:=:WMOTPPressure-StdProd-GEOS5Quality
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/WMOTPPressure-StdProd-GEOS5/Data Fields/Status
  volume:=:426
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:WMOTPPressure-StdProd-GEOS5Status
  Units:=:NoUnits
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/WMOTPPressure-StdProd-GEOS5/Geolocation Fields/ChunkNumber
  volume:=:1852
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:ChunkNumber
  Units:=:NoUnits
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/WMOTPPressure-StdProd-GEOS5/Geolocation Fields/Latitude
  volume:=:14322
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
  Title:=:Latitude
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/WMOTPPressure-StdProd-GEOS5/Geolocation Fields/LineOfSightAngle
  volume:=:13010
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:LineOfSightAngle
  Units:=:deg
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/WMOTPPressure-StdProd-GEOS5/Geolocation Fields/LocalSolarTime
  volume:=:14074
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:LocalSolarTime
  Units:=:h
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/WMOTPPressure-StdProd-GEOS5/Geolocation Fields/Longitude
  volume:=:14269
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:Longitude
  Units:=:deg
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/WMOTPPressure-StdProd-GEOS5/Geolocation Fields/OrbitGeodeticAngle
  volume:=:5868
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:OrbitGeodeticAngle
  Units:=:deg
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/WMOTPPressure-StdProd-GEOS5/Geolocation Fields/SolarZenithAngle
  volume:=:14213
  Units:=:deg
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:SolarZenithAngle
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/WMOTPPressure-StdProd-GEOS5/Geolocation Fields/Time
  volume:=:19031
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:Time
  Units:=:s
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:Aura-Shared
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/WMOTPPressure-StdProd-GEOS5/nTimes
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
  REFERENCE_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/WMOTPPressure-StdProd-GEOS5/nTimesTotal
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/WMOTPPressure-StdProd-MLS/Data Fields/Convergence
  volume:=:427
  Units:=:NoUnits
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:WMOTPPressure-StdProd-MLSConvergence
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/WMOTPPressure-StdProd-MLS/Data Fields/L2gpPrecision
  volume:=:427
  Units:=:hPa
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:WMOTPPressure-StdProd-MLSPrecision
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/WMOTPPressure-StdProd-MLS/Data Fields/L2gpValue
  volume:=:14071
  Units:=:hPa
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:WMOTPPressure-StdProd-MLS
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/WMOTPPressure-StdProd-MLS/Data Fields/Quality
  volume:=:427
  Units:=:NoUnits
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:WMOTPPressure-StdProd-MLSQuality
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/WMOTPPressure-StdProd-MLS/Data Fields/Status
  volume:=:426
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:WMOTPPressure-StdProd-MLSStatus
  Units:=:NoUnits
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/WMOTPPressure-StdProd-MLS/Geolocation Fields/ChunkNumber
  volume:=:1852
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:ChunkNumber
  Units:=:NoUnits
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/WMOTPPressure-StdProd-MLS/Geolocation Fields/Latitude
  volume:=:14322
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
  Title:=:Latitude
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/WMOTPPressure-StdProd-MLS/Geolocation Fields/LineOfSightAngle
  volume:=:13010
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:LineOfSightAngle
  Units:=:deg
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/WMOTPPressure-StdProd-MLS/Geolocation Fields/LocalSolarTime
  volume:=:14074
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:LocalSolarTime
  Units:=:h
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/WMOTPPressure-StdProd-MLS/Geolocation Fields/Longitude
  volume:=:14269
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:Longitude
  Units:=:deg
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/WMOTPPressure-StdProd-MLS/Geolocation Fields/OrbitGeodeticAngle
  volume:=:5868
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:OrbitGeodeticAngle
  Units:=:deg
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/WMOTPPressure-StdProd-MLS/Geolocation Fields/SolarZenithAngle
  volume:=:14213
  Units:=:deg
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:SolarZenithAngle
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/WMOTPPressure-StdProd-MLS/Geolocation Fields/Time
  volume:=:19031
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:Time
  Units:=:s
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:Aura-Shared
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/WMOTPPressure-StdProd-MLS/nTimes
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
  REFERENCE_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/WMOTPPressure-StdProd-MLS/nTimesTotal
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/refGPH-Core/Data Fields/Convergence
  volume:=:427
  Units:=:NoUnits
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:refGPH-CoreConvergence
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/refGPH-Core/Data Fields/L2gpPrecision
  volume:=:13353
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:refGPH-CorePrecision
  Units:=:vmr
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/refGPH-Core/Data Fields/L2gpValue
  volume:=:12780
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:refGPH-Core
  Units:=:vmr
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/refGPH-Core/Data Fields/Quality
  volume:=:427
  Units:=:NoUnits
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:refGPH-CoreQuality
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/refGPH-Core/Data Fields/Status
  volume:=:426
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:refGPH-CoreStatus
  Units:=:NoUnits
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/refGPH-Core/Geolocation Fields/ChunkNumber
  volume:=:1852
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:ChunkNumber
  Units:=:NoUnits
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/refGPH-Core/Geolocation Fields/Latitude
  volume:=:14322
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
  Title:=:Latitude
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/refGPH-Core/Geolocation Fields/LineOfSightAngle
  volume:=:13010
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:LineOfSightAngle
  Units:=:deg
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/refGPH-Core/Geolocation Fields/LocalSolarTime
  volume:=:14074
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:LocalSolarTime
  Units:=:h
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/refGPH-Core/Geolocation Fields/Longitude
  volume:=:14269
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:Longitude
  Units:=:deg
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/refGPH-Core/Geolocation Fields/OrbitGeodeticAngle
  volume:=:5868
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:OrbitGeodeticAngle
  Units:=:deg
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/refGPH-Core/Geolocation Fields/Pressure
  volume:=:4
  _FillValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:Aura-Shared
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  Title:=:Pressure
  Units:=:hPa
  MissingValue:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/refGPH-Core/Geolocation Fields/SolarZenithAngle
  volume:=:14213
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:SolarZenithAngle
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/refGPH-Core/Geolocation Fields/Time
  volume:=:19031
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:Time
  Units:=:s
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:Aura-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/refGPH-Core/nLevels
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
  REFERENCE_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/refGPH-Core/nTimes
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
  REFERENCE_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/refGPH-Core/nTimesTotal
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/refGPH-CorePlusR3/Data Fields/Convergence
  volume:=:427
  Units:=:NoUnits
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:refGPH-CorePlusR3Convergence
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/refGPH-CorePlusR3/Data Fields/L2gpPrecision
  volume:=:13440
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:refGPH-CorePlusR3Precision
  Units:=:vmr
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/refGPH-CorePlusR3/Data Fields/L2gpValue
  volume:=:12797
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:refGPH-CorePlusR3
  Units:=:vmr
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/refGPH-CorePlusR3/Data Fields/Quality
  volume:=:427
  Units:=:NoUnits
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:refGPH-CorePlusR3Quality
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/refGPH-CorePlusR3/Data Fields/Status
  volume:=:426
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:refGPH-CorePlusR3Status
  Units:=:NoUnits
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/refGPH-CorePlusR3/Geolocation Fields/ChunkNumber
  volume:=:1852
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:ChunkNumber
  Units:=:NoUnits
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/refGPH-CorePlusR3/Geolocation Fields/Latitude
  volume:=:14322
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
  Title:=:Latitude
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/refGPH-CorePlusR3/Geolocation Fields/LineOfSightAngle
  volume:=:13010
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:LineOfSightAngle
  Units:=:deg
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/refGPH-CorePlusR3/Geolocation Fields/LocalSolarTime
  volume:=:14074
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:LocalSolarTime
  Units:=:h
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/refGPH-CorePlusR3/Geolocation Fields/Longitude
  volume:=:14269
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:Longitude
  Units:=:deg
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/refGPH-CorePlusR3/Geolocation Fields/OrbitGeodeticAngle
  volume:=:5868
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:OrbitGeodeticAngle
  Units:=:deg
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/refGPH-CorePlusR3/Geolocation Fields/Pressure
  volume:=:4
  _FillValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:Aura-Shared
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  Title:=:Pressure
  Units:=:hPa
  MissingValue:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/refGPH-CorePlusR3/Geolocation Fields/SolarZenithAngle
  volume:=:14213
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:SolarZenithAngle
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/refGPH-CorePlusR3/Geolocation Fields/Time
  volume:=:19031
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:Time
  Units:=:s
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:Aura-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/refGPH-CorePlusR3/nLevels
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
  REFERENCE_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/refGPH-CorePlusR3/nTimes
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
  REFERENCE_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/refGPH-CorePlusR3/nTimesTotal
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/refGPH-CorePlusR5/Data Fields/Convergence
  volume:=:427
  Units:=:NoUnits
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:refGPH-CorePlusR5Convergence
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/refGPH-CorePlusR5/Data Fields/L2gpPrecision
  volume:=:13285
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:refGPH-CorePlusR5Precision
  Units:=:vmr
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/refGPH-CorePlusR5/Data Fields/L2gpValue
  volume:=:12793
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:refGPH-CorePlusR5
  Units:=:vmr
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/refGPH-CorePlusR5/Data Fields/Quality
  volume:=:427
  Units:=:NoUnits
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:refGPH-CorePlusR5Quality
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/refGPH-CorePlusR5/Data Fields/Status
  volume:=:426
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:refGPH-CorePlusR5Status
  Units:=:NoUnits
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/refGPH-CorePlusR5/Geolocation Fields/ChunkNumber
  volume:=:1852
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:ChunkNumber
  Units:=:NoUnits
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/refGPH-CorePlusR5/Geolocation Fields/Latitude
  volume:=:14322
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
  Title:=:Latitude
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/refGPH-CorePlusR5/Geolocation Fields/LineOfSightAngle
  volume:=:13010
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:LineOfSightAngle
  Units:=:deg
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/refGPH-CorePlusR5/Geolocation Fields/LocalSolarTime
  volume:=:14074
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:LocalSolarTime
  Units:=:h
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/refGPH-CorePlusR5/Geolocation Fields/Longitude
  volume:=:14269
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:Longitude
  Units:=:deg
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/refGPH-CorePlusR5/Geolocation Fields/OrbitGeodeticAngle
  volume:=:5868
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:OrbitGeodeticAngle
  Units:=:deg
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/refGPH-CorePlusR5/Geolocation Fields/Pressure
  volume:=:4
  _FillValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:Aura-Shared
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  Title:=:Pressure
  Units:=:hPa
  MissingValue:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/refGPH-CorePlusR5/Geolocation Fields/SolarZenithAngle
  volume:=:14213
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:SolarZenithAngle
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/refGPH-CorePlusR5/Geolocation Fields/Time
  volume:=:19031
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:Time
  Units:=:s
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:Aura-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/refGPH-CorePlusR5/nLevels
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
  REFERENCE_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/refGPH-CorePlusR5/nTimes
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
  REFERENCE_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/refGPH-CorePlusR5/nTimesTotal
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/refGPH-FinalPtan/Data Fields/Convergence
  volume:=:427
  Units:=:NoUnits
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:refGPH-FinalPtanConvergence
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/refGPH-FinalPtan/Data Fields/L2gpPrecision
  volume:=:13353
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:refGPH-FinalPtanPrecision
  Units:=:vmr
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/refGPH-FinalPtan/Data Fields/L2gpValue
  volume:=:12780
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:refGPH-FinalPtan
  Units:=:vmr
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/refGPH-FinalPtan/Data Fields/Quality
  volume:=:427
  Units:=:NoUnits
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:refGPH-FinalPtanQuality
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/refGPH-FinalPtan/Data Fields/Status
  volume:=:426
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:refGPH-FinalPtanStatus
  Units:=:NoUnits
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/refGPH-FinalPtan/Geolocation Fields/ChunkNumber
  volume:=:1852
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:ChunkNumber
  Units:=:NoUnits
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/refGPH-FinalPtan/Geolocation Fields/Latitude
  volume:=:14322
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
  Title:=:Latitude
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/refGPH-FinalPtan/Geolocation Fields/LineOfSightAngle
  volume:=:13010
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:LineOfSightAngle
  Units:=:deg
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/refGPH-FinalPtan/Geolocation Fields/LocalSolarTime
  volume:=:14074
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:LocalSolarTime
  Units:=:h
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/refGPH-FinalPtan/Geolocation Fields/Longitude
  volume:=:14269
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:Longitude
  Units:=:deg
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/refGPH-FinalPtan/Geolocation Fields/OrbitGeodeticAngle
  volume:=:5868
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:OrbitGeodeticAngle
  Units:=:deg
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/refGPH-FinalPtan/Geolocation Fields/Pressure
  volume:=:4
  _FillValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:Aura-Shared
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  Title:=:Pressure
  Units:=:hPa
  MissingValue:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/refGPH-FinalPtan/Geolocation Fields/SolarZenithAngle
  volume:=:14213
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:SolarZenithAngle
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/refGPH-FinalPtan/Geolocation Fields/Time
  volume:=:19031
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:Time
  Units:=:s
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:Aura-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/refGPH-FinalPtan/nLevels
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
  REFERENCE_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/refGPH-FinalPtan/nTimes
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
  REFERENCE_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/refGPH-FinalPtan/nTimesTotal
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/refGPH-InitPtan/Data Fields/Convergence
  volume:=:427
  Units:=:NoUnits
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:refGPH-InitPtanConvergence
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/refGPH-InitPtan/Data Fields/L2gpPrecision
  volume:=:13154
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:refGPH-InitPtanPrecision
  Units:=:vmr
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/refGPH-InitPtan/Data Fields/L2gpValue
  volume:=:12775
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:refGPH-InitPtan
  Units:=:vmr
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/refGPH-InitPtan/Data Fields/Quality
  volume:=:427
  Units:=:NoUnits
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:refGPH-InitPtanQuality
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/refGPH-InitPtan/Data Fields/Status
  volume:=:426
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:refGPH-InitPtanStatus
  Units:=:NoUnits
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/refGPH-InitPtan/Geolocation Fields/ChunkNumber
  volume:=:1852
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:ChunkNumber
  Units:=:NoUnits
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/refGPH-InitPtan/Geolocation Fields/Latitude
  volume:=:14322
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
  Title:=:Latitude
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/refGPH-InitPtan/Geolocation Fields/LineOfSightAngle
  volume:=:13010
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:LineOfSightAngle
  Units:=:deg
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/refGPH-InitPtan/Geolocation Fields/LocalSolarTime
  volume:=:14074
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:LocalSolarTime
  Units:=:h
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/refGPH-InitPtan/Geolocation Fields/Longitude
  volume:=:14269
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:Longitude
  Units:=:deg
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/refGPH-InitPtan/Geolocation Fields/OrbitGeodeticAngle
  volume:=:5868
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:OrbitGeodeticAngle
  Units:=:deg
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/refGPH-InitPtan/Geolocation Fields/Pressure
  volume:=:4
  _FillValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:Aura-Shared
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  Title:=:Pressure
  Units:=:hPa
  MissingValue:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/refGPH-InitPtan/Geolocation Fields/SolarZenithAngle
  volume:=:14213
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:SolarZenithAngle
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/refGPH-InitPtan/Geolocation Fields/Time
  volume:=:19031
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:Time
  Units:=:s
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:Aura-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/refGPH-InitPtan/nLevels
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
  REFERENCE_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/refGPH-InitPtan/nTimes
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
  REFERENCE_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/refGPH-InitPtan/nTimesTotal
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/refGPH-UpdatePtan/Data Fields/Convergence
  volume:=:427
  Units:=:NoUnits
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:refGPH-UpdatePtanConvergence
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/refGPH-UpdatePtan/Data Fields/L2gpPrecision
  volume:=:13300
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:refGPH-UpdatePtanPrecision
  Units:=:vmr
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/refGPH-UpdatePtan/Data Fields/L2gpValue
  volume:=:12772
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:refGPH-UpdatePtan
  Units:=:vmr
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/refGPH-UpdatePtan/Data Fields/Quality
  volume:=:427
  Units:=:NoUnits
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:refGPH-UpdatePtanQuality
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/refGPH-UpdatePtan/Data Fields/Status
  volume:=:426
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:refGPH-UpdatePtanStatus
  Units:=:NoUnits
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/refGPH-UpdatePtan/Geolocation Fields/ChunkNumber
  volume:=:1852
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:ChunkNumber
  Units:=:NoUnits
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/refGPH-UpdatePtan/Geolocation Fields/Latitude
  volume:=:14322
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
  Title:=:Latitude
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/refGPH-UpdatePtan/Geolocation Fields/LineOfSightAngle
  volume:=:13010
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:LineOfSightAngle
  Units:=:deg
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/refGPH-UpdatePtan/Geolocation Fields/LocalSolarTime
  volume:=:14074
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:LocalSolarTime
  Units:=:h
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/refGPH-UpdatePtan/Geolocation Fields/Longitude
  volume:=:14269
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:Longitude
  Units:=:deg
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/refGPH-UpdatePtan/Geolocation Fields/OrbitGeodeticAngle
  volume:=:5868
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:OrbitGeodeticAngle
  Units:=:deg
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/refGPH-UpdatePtan/Geolocation Fields/Pressure
  volume:=:4
  _FillValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:Aura-Shared
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  Title:=:Pressure
  Units:=:hPa
  MissingValue:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/refGPH-UpdatePtan/Geolocation Fields/SolarZenithAngle
  volume:=:14213
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:SolarZenithAngle
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/refGPH-UpdatePtan/Geolocation Fields/Time
  volume:=:19031
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:Time
  Units:=:s
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:Aura-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/refGPH-UpdatePtan/nLevels
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
  REFERENCE_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/refGPH-UpdatePtan/nTimes
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
  REFERENCE_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/refGPH-UpdatePtan/nTimesTotal
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
variable:=:/HDFEOS INFORMATION/StructMetadata.0
  volume:=:32000
variable:=:/HDFEOS INFORMATION/StructMetadata.1
  volume:=:32000
variable:=:/HDFEOS INFORMATION/StructMetadata.10
  volume:=:32000
variable:=:/HDFEOS INFORMATION/StructMetadata.11
  volume:=:32000
variable:=:/HDFEOS INFORMATION/StructMetadata.12
  volume:=:32000
variable:=:/HDFEOS INFORMATION/StructMetadata.13
  volume:=:32000
variable:=:/HDFEOS INFORMATION/StructMetadata.14
  volume:=:32000
variable:=:/HDFEOS INFORMATION/StructMetadata.15
  volume:=:32000
variable:=:/HDFEOS INFORMATION/StructMetadata.16
  volume:=:32000
variable:=:/HDFEOS INFORMATION/StructMetadata.17
  volume:=:32000
variable:=:/HDFEOS INFORMATION/StructMetadata.18
  volume:=:32000
variable:=:/HDFEOS INFORMATION/StructMetadata.19
  volume:=:32000
variable:=:/HDFEOS INFORMATION/StructMetadata.2
  volume:=:32000
variable:=:/HDFEOS INFORMATION/StructMetadata.20
  volume:=:32000
variable:=:/HDFEOS INFORMATION/StructMetadata.21
  volume:=:32000
variable:=:/HDFEOS INFORMATION/StructMetadata.22
  volume:=:32000
variable:=:/HDFEOS INFORMATION/StructMetadata.23
  volume:=:32000
variable:=:/HDFEOS INFORMATION/StructMetadata.24
  volume:=:32000
variable:=:/HDFEOS INFORMATION/StructMetadata.25
  volume:=:32000
variable:=:/HDFEOS INFORMATION/StructMetadata.3
  volume:=:32000
variable:=:/HDFEOS INFORMATION/StructMetadata.4
  volume:=:32000
variable:=:/HDFEOS INFORMATION/StructMetadata.5
  volume:=:32000
variable:=:/HDFEOS INFORMATION/StructMetadata.6
  volume:=:32000
variable:=:/HDFEOS INFORMATION/StructMetadata.7
  volume:=:32000
variable:=:/HDFEOS INFORMATION/StructMetadata.8
  volume:=:32000
variable:=:/HDFEOS INFORMATION/StructMetadata.9
  volume:=:32000
variable:=:/HDFEOS INFORMATION/coremetadata.0
  volume:=:65535
variable:=:/HDFEOS INFORMATION/xmlmetadata
  volume:=:65535
