variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/Temperature/Data Fields/Convergence
  volume:=:2526
  Units:=:NoUnits
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:TemperatureConvergence
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/Temperature/Data Fields/L2gpPrecision
  volume:=:572263
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:TemperaturePrecision
  Units:=:K
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/Temperature/Data Fields/L2gpValue
  volume:=:647315
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:Temperature
  Units:=:K
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/Temperature/Data Fields/Quality
  volume:=:9380
  Units:=:NoUnits
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:TemperatureQuality
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/Temperature/Data Fields/Status
  volume:=:1213
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:TemperatureStatus
  Units:=:NoUnits
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/Temperature/Geolocation Fields/ChunkNumber
  volume:=:1852
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:ChunkNumber
  Units:=:NoUnits
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/Temperature/Geolocation Fields/Latitude
  volume:=:14322
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  MissingValue:=:
  Title:=:Latitude
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/Temperature/Geolocation Fields/LineOfSightAngle
  volume:=:13010
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:LineOfSightAngle
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/Temperature/Geolocation Fields/LocalSolarTime
  volume:=:14074
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:LocalSolarTime
  Units:=:h
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/Temperature/Geolocation Fields/Longitude
  volume:=:14269
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:Longitude
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/Temperature/Geolocation Fields/OrbitGeodeticAngle
  volume:=:5868
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:OrbitGeodeticAngle
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/Temperature/Geolocation Fields/Pressure
  volume:=:220
  _FillValue:=:
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  Title:=:Pressure
  Units:=:hPa
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:Aura-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/Temperature/Geolocation Fields/SolarZenithAngle
  volume:=:14213
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:SolarZenithAngle
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/Temperature/Geolocation Fields/Time
  volume:=:19031
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:Time
  Units:=:s
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:Aura-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/Temperature/nLevels
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
  REFERENCE_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/Temperature/nTimes
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
  REFERENCE_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/Temperature/nTimesTotal
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/WMOTPPressure-GEOS5/Data Fields/Convergence
  volume:=:427
  Units:=:NoUnits
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:WMOTPPressure-GEOS5Convergence
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/WMOTPPressure-GEOS5/Data Fields/L2gpPrecision
  volume:=:427
  Units:=:hPa
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:WMOTPPressure-GEOS5Precision
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/WMOTPPressure-GEOS5/Data Fields/L2gpValue
  volume:=:14058
  Units:=:hPa
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:WMOTPPressure-GEOS5
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/WMOTPPressure-GEOS5/Data Fields/Quality
  volume:=:427
  Units:=:NoUnits
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:WMOTPPressure-GEOS5Quality
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/WMOTPPressure-GEOS5/Data Fields/Status
  volume:=:426
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:WMOTPPressure-GEOS5Status
  Units:=:NoUnits
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/WMOTPPressure-GEOS5/Geolocation Fields/ChunkNumber
  volume:=:1852
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:ChunkNumber
  Units:=:NoUnits
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/WMOTPPressure-GEOS5/Geolocation Fields/Latitude
  volume:=:14322
  Units:=:deg
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
  Title:=:Latitude
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/WMOTPPressure-GEOS5/Geolocation Fields/LineOfSightAngle
  volume:=:13010
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:LineOfSightAngle
  Units:=:deg
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/WMOTPPressure-GEOS5/Geolocation Fields/LocalSolarTime
  volume:=:14074
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:LocalSolarTime
  Units:=:h
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/WMOTPPressure-GEOS5/Geolocation Fields/Longitude
  volume:=:14269
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:Longitude
  Units:=:deg
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/WMOTPPressure-GEOS5/Geolocation Fields/OrbitGeodeticAngle
  volume:=:5868
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:OrbitGeodeticAngle
  Units:=:deg
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/WMOTPPressure-GEOS5/Geolocation Fields/SolarZenithAngle
  volume:=:14213
  Units:=:deg
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:SolarZenithAngle
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/WMOTPPressure-GEOS5/Geolocation Fields/Time
  volume:=:19031
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:Time
  Units:=:s
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:Aura-Shared
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/WMOTPPressure-GEOS5/nTimes
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
  REFERENCE_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/WMOTPPressure-GEOS5/nTimesTotal
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/WMOTPPressure-MLS/Data Fields/Convergence
  volume:=:427
  Units:=:NoUnits
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:WMOTPPressure-MLSConvergence
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/WMOTPPressure-MLS/Data Fields/L2gpPrecision
  volume:=:427
  Units:=:hPa
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:WMOTPPressure-MLSPrecision
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/WMOTPPressure-MLS/Data Fields/L2gpValue
  volume:=:14071
  Units:=:hPa
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:WMOTPPressure-MLS
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/WMOTPPressure-MLS/Data Fields/Quality
  volume:=:427
  Units:=:NoUnits
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:WMOTPPressure-MLSQuality
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/WMOTPPressure-MLS/Data Fields/Status
  volume:=:426
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:WMOTPPressure-MLSStatus
  Units:=:NoUnits
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/WMOTPPressure-MLS/Geolocation Fields/ChunkNumber
  volume:=:1852
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:ChunkNumber
  Units:=:NoUnits
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/WMOTPPressure-MLS/Geolocation Fields/Latitude
  volume:=:14322
  Title:=:Latitude
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Units:=:deg
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/WMOTPPressure-MLS/Geolocation Fields/LineOfSightAngle
  volume:=:13010
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:LineOfSightAngle
  Units:=:deg
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/WMOTPPressure-MLS/Geolocation Fields/LocalSolarTime
  volume:=:14074
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:LocalSolarTime
  Units:=:h
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/WMOTPPressure-MLS/Geolocation Fields/Longitude
  volume:=:14269
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:Longitude
  Units:=:deg
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/WMOTPPressure-MLS/Geolocation Fields/OrbitGeodeticAngle
  volume:=:5868
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:OrbitGeodeticAngle
  Units:=:deg
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/WMOTPPressure-MLS/Geolocation Fields/SolarZenithAngle
  volume:=:14213
  Units:=:deg
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:SolarZenithAngle
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/WMOTPPressure-MLS/Geolocation Fields/Time
  volume:=:19031
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:Time
  Units:=:s
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:Aura-Shared
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/WMOTPPressure-MLS/nTimes
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
  REFERENCE_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/WMOTPPressure-MLS/nTimesTotal
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:This is a netCDF dimension but not a netCDF variable.
variable:=:/HDFEOS INFORMATION/StructMetadata.0
  volume:=:32000
variable:=:/HDFEOS INFORMATION/coremetadata.0
  volume:=:65535
variable:=:/HDFEOS INFORMATION/xmlmetadata
  volume:=:65535
