variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/RHI/Data Fields/AscDescMode
  volume:=:625
  Title:=:RHIAscDescMode
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  Units:=:NoUnits
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/RHI/Data Fields/Convergence
  volume:=:2518
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:RHIConvergence
  Units:=:NoUnits
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/RHI/Data Fields/L2gpPrecision
  volume:=:655775
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:RHIPrecision
  Units:=:%rhi
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/RHI/Data Fields/L2gpValue
  volume:=:666004
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:RHI
  Units:=:%rhi
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/RHI/Data Fields/Quality
  volume:=:9509
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:RHIQuality
  Units:=:NoUnits
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/RHI/Data Fields/Status
  volume:=:1011
  Units:=:NoUnits
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:RHIStatus
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/RHI/Geolocation Fields/ChunkNumber
  volume:=:1870
  Units:=:NoUnits
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:ChunkNumber
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/RHI/Geolocation Fields/Latitude
  volume:=:14209
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:Latitude
  Units:=:deg
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/RHI/Geolocation Fields/LineOfSightAngle
  volume:=:12913
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:LineOfSightAngle
  Units:=:deg
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/RHI/Geolocation Fields/LocalSolarTime
  volume:=:13968
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:LocalSolarTime
  Units:=:h
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/RHI/Geolocation Fields/Longitude
  volume:=:14161
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:Longitude
  Units:=:deg
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/RHI/Geolocation Fields/OrbitGeodeticAngle
  volume:=:5871
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:OrbitGeodeticAngle
  Units:=:deg
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/RHI/Geolocation Fields/Pressure
  volume:=:220
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:Pressure
  Units:=:hPa
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:Aura-Shared
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/RHI/Geolocation Fields/SolarZenithAngle
  volume:=:14098
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:SolarZenithAngle
  Units:=:deg
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/RHI/Geolocation Fields/Time
  volume:=:18888
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:Time
  Units:=:s
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:Aura-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/RHI/nLevels
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:nLevels
  REFERENCE_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/RHI/nTimes
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:nTimes
  REFERENCE_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/RHI/nTimesTotal
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:nTimesTotal
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/RHI-APriori/Data Fields/AscDescMode
  volume:=:612
  Title:=:RHI-APrioriAscDescMode
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  Units:=:NoUnits
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/RHI-APriori/Data Fields/Convergence
  volume:=:427
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:RHI-APrioriConvergence
  Units:=:NoUnits
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/RHI-APriori/Data Fields/L2gpPrecision
  volume:=:493971
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:RHI-APrioriPrecision
  Units:=:%rhi
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/RHI-APriori/Data Fields/L2gpValue
  volume:=:493971
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:RHI-APriori
  Units:=:%rhi
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/RHI-APriori/Data Fields/Quality
  volume:=:427
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:RHI-APrioriQuality
  Units:=:NoUnits
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/RHI-APriori/Data Fields/Status
  volume:=:426
  Units:=:NoUnits
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:RHI-APrioriStatus
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/RHI-APriori/Geolocation Fields/ChunkNumber
  volume:=:1852
  Units:=:NoUnits
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:ChunkNumber
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/RHI-APriori/Geolocation Fields/Latitude
  volume:=:14322
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:Latitude
  Units:=:deg
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/RHI-APriori/Geolocation Fields/LineOfSightAngle
  volume:=:13008
  Title:=:LineOfSightAngle
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Units:=:deg
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/RHI-APriori/Geolocation Fields/LocalSolarTime
  volume:=:14074
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:LocalSolarTime
  Units:=:h
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/RHI-APriori/Geolocation Fields/Longitude
  volume:=:14268
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:Longitude
  Units:=:deg
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/RHI-APriori/Geolocation Fields/OrbitGeodeticAngle
  volume:=:5868
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:OrbitGeodeticAngle
  Units:=:deg
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/RHI-APriori/Geolocation Fields/Pressure
  volume:=:148
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:Pressure
  Units:=:hPa
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:Aura-Shared
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/RHI-APriori/Geolocation Fields/SolarZenithAngle
  volume:=:14213
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:SolarZenithAngle
  Units:=:deg
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/RHI-APriori/Geolocation Fields/Time
  volume:=:19031
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:Time
  Units:=:s
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:Aura-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/RHI-APriori/nLevels
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  REFERENCE_LIST:=:
  NAME:=:nLevels
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/RHI-APriori/nTimes
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:nTimes
  REFERENCE_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/RHI-APriori/nTimesTotal
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:nTimesTotal
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/UTRHI/Data Fields/AscDescMode
  volume:=:625
  Title:=:UTRHIAscDescMode
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  Units:=:NoUnits
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/UTRHI/Data Fields/Convergence
  volume:=:456
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:UTRHIConvergence
  Units:=:NoUnits
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/UTRHI/Data Fields/L2gpPrecision
  volume:=:14173
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:UTRHIPrecision
  Units:=:vmr
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/UTRHI/Data Fields/L2gpValue
  volume:=:12426
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:UTRHI
  Units:=:vmr
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/UTRHI/Data Fields/Quality
  volume:=:456
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:UTRHIQuality
  Units:=:NoUnits
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/UTRHI/Data Fields/Status
  volume:=:455
  Units:=:NoUnits
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:UTRHIStatus
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/UTRHI/Geolocation Fields/ChunkNumber
  volume:=:1870
  Units:=:NoUnits
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:ChunkNumber
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/UTRHI/Geolocation Fields/Latitude
  volume:=:14209
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:Latitude
  Units:=:deg
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/UTRHI/Geolocation Fields/LineOfSightAngle
  volume:=:12913
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:LineOfSightAngle
  Units:=:deg
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/UTRHI/Geolocation Fields/LocalSolarTime
  volume:=:13968
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:LocalSolarTime
  Units:=:h
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/UTRHI/Geolocation Fields/Longitude
  volume:=:14161
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:Longitude
  Units:=:deg
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/UTRHI/Geolocation Fields/OrbitGeodeticAngle
  volume:=:5871
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:OrbitGeodeticAngle
  Units:=:deg
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/UTRHI/Geolocation Fields/Pressure
  volume:=:4
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:Pressure
  Units:=:hPa
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:Aura-Shared
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/UTRHI/Geolocation Fields/SolarZenithAngle
  volume:=:14098
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:SolarZenithAngle
  Units:=:deg
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/UTRHI/Geolocation Fields/Time
  volume:=:18888
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:Aura-Shared
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:Time
  Units:=:s
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/UTRHI/nLevels
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  REFERENCE_LIST:=:
  NAME:=:nLevels
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/UTRHI/nTimes
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:nTimes
  REFERENCE_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/UTRHI/nTimesTotal
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:nTimesTotal
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/UTRHI-APriori/Data Fields/AscDescMode
  volume:=:612
  Title:=:UTRHI-APrioriAscDescMode
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  Units:=:NoUnits
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/UTRHI-APriori/Data Fields/Convergence
  volume:=:427
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:UTRHI-APrioriConvergence
  Units:=:NoUnits
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/UTRHI-APriori/Data Fields/L2gpPrecision
  volume:=:427
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:UTRHI-APrioriPrecision
  Units:=:vmr
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/UTRHI-APriori/Data Fields/L2gpValue
  volume:=:427
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:UTRHI-APriori
  Units:=:vmr
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/UTRHI-APriori/Data Fields/Quality
  volume:=:427
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:UTRHI-APrioriQuality
  Units:=:NoUnits
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/UTRHI-APriori/Data Fields/Status
  volume:=:426
  Units:=:NoUnits
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:UTRHI-APrioriStatus
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/UTRHI-APriori/Geolocation Fields/ChunkNumber
  volume:=:1852
  Units:=:NoUnits
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:ChunkNumber
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/UTRHI-APriori/Geolocation Fields/Latitude
  volume:=:14322
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:Latitude
  Units:=:deg
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/UTRHI-APriori/Geolocation Fields/LineOfSightAngle
  volume:=:13008
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:LineOfSightAngle
  Units:=:deg
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/UTRHI-APriori/Geolocation Fields/LocalSolarTime
  volume:=:14074
  Units:=:h
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:LocalSolarTime
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/UTRHI-APriori/Geolocation Fields/Longitude
  volume:=:14268
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:Longitude
  Units:=:deg
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/UTRHI-APriori/Geolocation Fields/OrbitGeodeticAngle
  volume:=:5868
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:OrbitGeodeticAngle
  Units:=:deg
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:MLS-Specific
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/UTRHI-APriori/Geolocation Fields/Pressure
  volume:=:4
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:Pressure
  Units:=:hPa
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:Aura-Shared
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/UTRHI-APriori/Geolocation Fields/SolarZenithAngle
  volume:=:14213
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:SolarZenithAngle
  Units:=:deg
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-MLS-TES-Shared
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/UTRHI-APriori/Geolocation Fields/Time
  volume:=:19031
  DIMENSION_LIST:=:
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:Time
  Units:=:s
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:Aura-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/UTRHI-APriori/nLevels
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:nLevels
  REFERENCE_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/UTRHI-APriori/nTimes
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:nTimes
  REFERENCE_LIST:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/UTRHI-APriori/nTimesTotal
  volume:=:0
  CLASS:=:DIMENSION_SCALE
  NAME:=:nTimesTotal
variable:=:/HDFEOS INFORMATION/StructMetadata.0
  volume:=:32000
variable:=:/HDFEOS INFORMATION/coremetadata.0
  volume:=:65535
variable:=:/HDFEOS INFORMATION/xmlmetadata
  volume:=:65535
