variable:=:/HDFEOS/GRIDS/MOP03/Data Fields/APrioriCOMixingRatioProfileDay
  volume:=:230374
  _FillValue:=:
  units:=:ppbv
  long_name:=:A Priori CO Mixing Ratio Profile Day
variable:=:/HDFEOS/GRIDS/MOP03/Data Fields/APrioriCOMixingRatioProfileNight
  volume:=:252919
  _FillValue:=:
  units:=:ppbv
  long_name:=:A Priori CO Mixing Ratio Profile Night
variable:=:/HDFEOS/GRIDS/MOP03/Data Fields/APrioriCOSurfaceMixingRatioDay
  volume:=:31980
  _FillValue:=:
  units:=:ppbv
  long_name:=:A Priori CO Surface Mixing Ratio Day
variable:=:/HDFEOS/GRIDS/MOP03/Data Fields/APrioriCOSurfaceMixingRatioNight
  volume:=:35316
  _FillValue:=:
  units:=:ppbv
  long_name:=:A Priori CO Surface Mixing Ratio Night
variable:=:/HDFEOS/GRIDS/MOP03/Data Fields/APrioriCOTotalColumnDay
  volume:=:32634
  _FillValue:=:
  units:=:mol/cm^2
  long_name:=:A Priori CO Total Column Day
variable:=:/HDFEOS/GRIDS/MOP03/Data Fields/APrioriCOTotalColumnNight
  volume:=:36274
  _FillValue:=:
  units:=:mol/cm^2
  long_name:=:A Priori CO Total Column Night
variable:=:/HDFEOS/GRIDS/MOP03/Data Fields/APrioriSurfaceEmissivityDay
  volume:=:22399
  _FillValue:=:
  units:=:NA
  long_name:=:A Priori Surface Emissivity Day
variable:=:/HDFEOS/GRIDS/MOP03/Data Fields/APrioriSurfaceEmissivityNight
  volume:=:25797
  _FillValue:=:
  units:=:NA
  long_name:=:A Priori Surface Emissivity Night
variable:=:/HDFEOS/GRIDS/MOP03/Data Fields/APrioriSurfaceTemperatureDay
  volume:=:30862
  _FillValue:=:
  units:=:K
  long_name:=:A Priori Surface Temperature Day
variable:=:/HDFEOS/GRIDS/MOP03/Data Fields/APrioriSurfaceTemperatureNight
  volume:=:34685
  _FillValue:=:
  units:=:K
  long_name:=:A Priori Surface Temperature Night
variable:=:/HDFEOS/GRIDS/MOP03/Data Fields/DEMAltitudeDay
  volume:=:18420
  _FillValue:=:
  units:=:m
  long_name:=:DEM Altitude Day
variable:=:/HDFEOS/GRIDS/MOP03/Data Fields/DEMAltitudeNight
  volume:=:23928
  _FillValue:=:
  units:=:m
  long_name:=:DEM Altitude Night
variable:=:/HDFEOS/GRIDS/MOP03/Data Fields/DEMAltitudeVariabilityDay
  volume:=:19556
  _FillValue:=:
  units:=:m
  long_name:=:DEM Altitude Variability Day
variable:=:/HDFEOS/GRIDS/MOP03/Data Fields/DEMAltitudeVariabilityNight
  volume:=:25989
  _FillValue:=:
  units:=:m
  long_name:=:DEM Altitude Variability Night
variable:=:/HDFEOS/GRIDS/MOP03/Data Fields/DegreesofFreedomforSignalDay
  volume:=:33229
  _FillValue:=:
  units:=:NA
  long_name:=:Degrees of Freedom for Signal Day
variable:=:/HDFEOS/GRIDS/MOP03/Data Fields/DegreesofFreedomforSignalNight
  volume:=:37313
  _FillValue:=:
  units:=:NA
  long_name:=:Degrees of Freedom for Signal Night
variable:=:/HDFEOS/GRIDS/MOP03/Data Fields/Latitude
  volume:=:720
  units:=:degrees_north
variable:=:/HDFEOS/GRIDS/MOP03/Data Fields/Longitude
  volume:=:1440
  units:=:degrees_east
variable:=:/HDFEOS/GRIDS/MOP03/Data Fields/NumberofPixelsDay
  volume:=:13852
  _FillValue:=:
  units:=:NA
  long_name:=:Number of Pixel Day
variable:=:/HDFEOS/GRIDS/MOP03/Data Fields/NumberofPixelsNight
  volume:=:15096
  _FillValue:=:
  units:=:NA
  long_name:=:Number of Pixel Night
variable:=:/HDFEOS/GRIDS/MOP03/Data Fields/Pressure
  volume:=:36
  units:=:hPa
variable:=:/HDFEOS/GRIDS/MOP03/Data Fields/Pressure2
  volume:=:40
  units:=:hPa
variable:=:/HDFEOS/GRIDS/MOP03/Data Fields/RetrievalAveragingKernelMatrixDay
  volume:=:2522937
  _FillValue:=:
  units:=:NA
  long_name:=:Retrieval Averaging Kernel Matrix Day
variable:=:/HDFEOS/GRIDS/MOP03/Data Fields/RetrievalAveragingKernelMatrixNight
  volume:=:2754077
  _FillValue:=:
  units:=:NA
  long_name:=:Retrieval Averaging Kernel Matrix Night
variable:=:/HDFEOS/GRIDS/MOP03/Data Fields/RetrievedCOMixingRatioProfileDay
  volume:=:232085
  _FillValue:=:
  units:=:ppbv
  long_name:=:Retrieved CO Mixing Ratio Profile Day
variable:=:/HDFEOS/GRIDS/MOP03/Data Fields/RetrievedCOMixingRatioProfileMeanUncertaintyDay
  volume:=:232239
  _FillValue:=:
  units:=:ppbv
  long_name:=:Retrieved CO Mixing Ratio Profile Mean Uncertainty Day
variable:=:/HDFEOS/GRIDS/MOP03/Data Fields/RetrievedCOMixingRatioProfileMeanUncertaintyNight
  volume:=:255055
  long_name:=:Retrieved CO Mixing Ratio Profile Mean Uncertainty Night
  _FillValue:=:
  units:=:ppbv
variable:=:/HDFEOS/GRIDS/MOP03/Data Fields/RetrievedCOMixingRatioProfileNight
  volume:=:254783
  _FillValue:=:
  units:=:ppbv
  long_name:=:Retrieved CO Mixing Ratio Profile Night
variable:=:/HDFEOS/GRIDS/MOP03/Data Fields/RetrievedCOMixingRatioProfileVariabilityDay
  volume:=:241550
  _FillValue:=:
  units:=:ppbv
  long_name:=:Retrieved CO Mixing Ratio Profile Variability Day
variable:=:/HDFEOS/GRIDS/MOP03/Data Fields/RetrievedCOMixingRatioProfileVariabilityNight
  volume:=:265614
  _FillValue:=:
  units:=:ppbv
  long_name:=:Retrieved CO Mixing Ratio Profile Variability Night
variable:=:/HDFEOS/GRIDS/MOP03/Data Fields/RetrievedCOSurfaceMixingRatioDay
  volume:=:32772
  _FillValue:=:
  units:=:ppbv
  long_name:=:Retrieved CO Surface Mixing Ratio Day
variable:=:/HDFEOS/GRIDS/MOP03/Data Fields/RetrievedCOSurfaceMixingRatioMeanUncertaintyDay
  volume:=:32946
  _FillValue:=:
  units:=:ppbv
  long_name:=:Retrieved CO Surface Mixing Ratio Mean Uncertainty Day
variable:=:/HDFEOS/GRIDS/MOP03/Data Fields/RetrievedCOSurfaceMixingRatioMeanUncertaintyNight
  volume:=:36634
  _FillValue:=:
  units:=:ppbv
  long_name:=:Retrieved CO Surface Mixing Ratio Mean Uncertainty Night
variable:=:/HDFEOS/GRIDS/MOP03/Data Fields/RetrievedCOSurfaceMixingRatioNight
  volume:=:36418
  _FillValue:=:
  units:=:ppbv
  long_name:=:Retrieved CO Surface Mixing Ratio Night
variable:=:/HDFEOS/GRIDS/MOP03/Data Fields/RetrievedCOSurfaceMixingRatioVariabilityDay
  volume:=:34244
  _FillValue:=:
  units:=:ppbv
  long_name:=:Retrieved CO Surface Mixing Ratio Variability Day
variable:=:/HDFEOS/GRIDS/MOP03/Data Fields/RetrievedCOSurfaceMixingRatioVariabilityNight
  volume:=:38282
  _FillValue:=:
  units:=:ppbv
  long_name:=:Retrieved CO Surface Mixing Ratio Variability Night
variable:=:/HDFEOS/GRIDS/MOP03/Data Fields/RetrievedCOTotalColumnDay
  volume:=:33160
  _FillValue:=:
  units:=:mol/cm^2
  long_name:=:Retrieved CO Total Column Day
variable:=:/HDFEOS/GRIDS/MOP03/Data Fields/RetrievedCOTotalColumnDiagnosticsDay
  volume:=:60387
  _FillValue:=:
  units:=:mol/cm^2
  long_name:=:Retrieved CO Total Column Diagnostics Day
variable:=:/HDFEOS/GRIDS/MOP03/Data Fields/RetrievedCOTotalColumnDiagnosticsNight
  volume:=:67277
  _FillValue:=:
  units:=:mol/cm^2
  long_name:=:Retrieved CO Total Column Diagnostics Night
variable:=:/HDFEOS/GRIDS/MOP03/Data Fields/RetrievedCOTotalColumnMeanUncertaintyDay
  volume:=:33016
  _FillValue:=:
  units:=:mol/cm^2
  long_name:=:Retrieved CO Total Column Mean Uncertainty Day
variable:=:/HDFEOS/GRIDS/MOP03/Data Fields/RetrievedCOTotalColumnMeanUncertaintyNight
  volume:=:36559
  _FillValue:=:
  units:=:mol/cm^2
  long_name:=:Retrieved CO Total Column Mean Uncertainty Night
variable:=:/HDFEOS/GRIDS/MOP03/Data Fields/RetrievedCOTotalColumnNight
  volume:=:36791
  _FillValue:=:
  units:=:mol/cm^2
  long_name:=:Retrieved CO Total Column Night
variable:=:/HDFEOS/GRIDS/MOP03/Data Fields/RetrievedCOTotalColumnVariabilityDay
  volume:=:33954
  _FillValue:=:
  units:=:mol/cm^2
  long_name:=:Retrieved CO Total Column Variability Day
variable:=:/HDFEOS/GRIDS/MOP03/Data Fields/RetrievedCOTotalColumnVariabilityNight
  volume:=:37918
  _FillValue:=:
  units:=:mol/cm^2
  long_name:=:Retrieved CO Total Column Variability Night
variable:=:/HDFEOS/GRIDS/MOP03/Data Fields/RetrievedSurfaceEmissivityDay
  volume:=:31467
  _FillValue:=:
  units:=:NA
  long_name:=:Retrieved Surface Emissivity Day
variable:=:/HDFEOS/GRIDS/MOP03/Data Fields/RetrievedSurfaceEmissivityMeanUncertaintyDay
  volume:=:30913
  _FillValue:=:
  units:=:NA
  long_name:=:Retrieved Surface Emissivity Mean Uncertainty Day
variable:=:/HDFEOS/GRIDS/MOP03/Data Fields/RetrievedSurfaceEmissivityMeanUncertaintyNight
  volume:=:34418
  _FillValue:=:
  units:=:NA
  long_name:=:Retrieved Surface Emissivity Mean Uncertainty Night
variable:=:/HDFEOS/GRIDS/MOP03/Data Fields/RetrievedSurfaceEmissivityNight
  volume:=:34675
  _FillValue:=:
  units:=:NA
  long_name:=:Retrieved Surface Emissivity Night
variable:=:/HDFEOS/GRIDS/MOP03/Data Fields/RetrievedSurfaceEmissivityVariabilityDay
  volume:=:33849
  _FillValue:=:
  units:=:NA
  long_name:=:Retrieved Surface Emissivity Variability Day
variable:=:/HDFEOS/GRIDS/MOP03/Data Fields/RetrievedSurfaceEmissivityVariabilityNight
  volume:=:37113
  _FillValue:=:
  units:=:NA
  long_name:=:Retrieved Surface Emissivity Variability Night
variable:=:/HDFEOS/GRIDS/MOP03/Data Fields/RetrievedSurfaceTemperatureDay
  volume:=:31068
  _FillValue:=:
  units:=:K
  long_name:=:Retrieved Surface Temperature Day
variable:=:/HDFEOS/GRIDS/MOP03/Data Fields/RetrievedSurfaceTemperatureMeanUncertaintyDay
  volume:=:33755
  _FillValue:=:
  units:=:K
  long_name:=:Retrieved Surface Temperature Mean Uncertainty Day
variable:=:/HDFEOS/GRIDS/MOP03/Data Fields/RetrievedSurfaceTemperatureMeanUncertaintyNight
  volume:=:36414
  _FillValue:=:
  units:=:K
  long_name:=:Retrieved Surface Temperature Mean Uncertainty Night
variable:=:/HDFEOS/GRIDS/MOP03/Data Fields/RetrievedSurfaceTemperatureNight
  volume:=:34794
  _FillValue:=:
  units:=:K
  long_name:=:Retrieved Surface Temperature Night
variable:=:/HDFEOS/GRIDS/MOP03/Data Fields/RetrievedSurfaceTemperatureVariabilityDay
  volume:=:33704
  _FillValue:=:
  units:=:K
  long_name:=:Retrieved Surface Temperature Variability Day
variable:=:/HDFEOS/GRIDS/MOP03/Data Fields/RetrievedSurfaceTemperatureVariabilityNight
  volume:=:37662
  _FillValue:=:
  units:=:K
  long_name:=:Retrieved Surface Temperature Variability Night
variable:=:/HDFEOS/GRIDS/MOP03/Data Fields/SatelliteZenithAngleDay
  volume:=:33742
  _FillValue:=:
  units:=:deg
  long_name:=:Satellite Zenith Angle Day
variable:=:/HDFEOS/GRIDS/MOP03/Data Fields/SatelliteZenithAngleNight
  volume:=:37611
  _FillValue:=:
  units:=:deg
  long_name:=:Satellite Zenith Angle Night
variable:=:/HDFEOS/GRIDS/MOP03/Data Fields/SignalChi2Day
  volume:=:34491
  _FillValue:=:
  units:=:NA
  long_name:=:Signal Chi2 Day
variable:=:/HDFEOS/GRIDS/MOP03/Data Fields/SignalChi2Night
  volume:=:38912
  _FillValue:=:
  units:=:NA
  long_name:=:Signal Chi2 Night
variable:=:/HDFEOS/GRIDS/MOP03/Data Fields/SignalChi2VariabilityDay
  volume:=:34862
  _FillValue:=:
  units:=:NA
  long_name:=:Signal Chi2 Variability Day
variable:=:/HDFEOS/GRIDS/MOP03/Data Fields/SignalChi2VariabilityNight
  volume:=:39171
  _FillValue:=:
  units:=:NA
  long_name:=:Signal Chi2 Variability Night
variable:=:/HDFEOS/GRIDS/MOP03/Data Fields/SolarZenithAngleDay
  volume:=:32915
  _FillValue:=:
  units:=:deg
  long_name:=:Solar Zenith Angle Day
variable:=:/HDFEOS/GRIDS/MOP03/Data Fields/SolarZenithAngleNight
  volume:=:35706
  _FillValue:=:
  units:=:deg
  long_name:=:Solar Zenith Angle Night
variable:=:/HDFEOS/GRIDS/MOP03/Data Fields/SurfaceIndexDay
  volume:=:9092
  _FillValue:=:
  units:=:NA
  long_name:=:Surface Index Day
variable:=:/HDFEOS/GRIDS/MOP03/Data Fields/SurfaceIndexNight
  volume:=:9751
  _FillValue:=:
  units:=:NA
  long_name:=:Surface Index Night
variable:=:/HDFEOS/GRIDS/MOP03/Data Fields/SurfacePressureDay
  volume:=:30662
  _FillValue:=:
  units:=:hPa
  long_name:=:Surface Pressure Day
variable:=:/HDFEOS/GRIDS/MOP03/Data Fields/SurfacePressureNight
  volume:=:34611
  _FillValue:=:
  units:=:hPa
  long_name:=:Surface Pressure Night
variable:=:/HDFEOS INFORMATION/StructMetadata.0
  volume:=:32000
variable:=:/HDFEOS INFORMATION/coremetadata.0
  volume:=:65535
