variable:=:/HDFEOS/GRIDS/MOP03/Data Fields/APrioriCOMixingRatioProfileDay
  volume:=:227734
  _FillValue:=:
  units:=:ppbv
  long_name:=:A Priori CO Mixing Ratio Profile Day
variable:=:/HDFEOS/GRIDS/MOP03/Data Fields/APrioriCOMixingRatioProfileNight
  volume:=:251703
  _FillValue:=:
  units:=:ppbv
  long_name:=:A Priori CO Mixing Ratio Profile Night
variable:=:/HDFEOS/GRIDS/MOP03/Data Fields/APrioriCOSurfaceMixingRatioDay
  volume:=:31636
  _FillValue:=:
  units:=:ppbv
  long_name:=:A Priori CO Surface Mixing Ratio Day
variable:=:/HDFEOS/GRIDS/MOP03/Data Fields/APrioriCOSurfaceMixingRatioNight
  volume:=:35184
  _FillValue:=:
  units:=:ppbv
  long_name:=:A Priori CO Surface Mixing Ratio Night
variable:=:/HDFEOS/GRIDS/MOP03/Data Fields/APrioriCOTotalColumnDay
  volume:=:32326
  _FillValue:=:
  units:=:mol/cm^2
  long_name:=:A Priori CO Total Column Day
variable:=:/HDFEOS/GRIDS/MOP03/Data Fields/APrioriCOTotalColumnNight
  volume:=:36147
  _FillValue:=:
  units:=:mol/cm^2
  long_name:=:A Priori CO Total Column Night
variable:=:/HDFEOS/GRIDS/MOP03/Data Fields/APrioriSurfaceEmissivityDay
  volume:=:22150
  _FillValue:=:
  units:=:NA
  long_name:=:A Priori Surface Emissivity Day
variable:=:/HDFEOS/GRIDS/MOP03/Data Fields/APrioriSurfaceEmissivityNight
  volume:=:25729
  _FillValue:=:
  units:=:NA
  long_name:=:A Priori Surface Emissivity Night
variable:=:/HDFEOS/GRIDS/MOP03/Data Fields/APrioriSurfaceTemperatureDay
  volume:=:30557
  _FillValue:=:
  units:=:K
  long_name:=:A Priori Surface Temperature Day
variable:=:/HDFEOS/GRIDS/MOP03/Data Fields/APrioriSurfaceTemperatureNight
  volume:=:34544
  _FillValue:=:
  units:=:K
  long_name:=:A Priori Surface Temperature Night
variable:=:/HDFEOS/GRIDS/MOP03/Data Fields/DEMAltitudeDay
  volume:=:18236
  _FillValue:=:
  units:=:m
  long_name:=:DEM Altitude Day
variable:=:/HDFEOS/GRIDS/MOP03/Data Fields/DEMAltitudeNight
  volume:=:23896
  _FillValue:=:
  units:=:m
  long_name:=:DEM Altitude Night
variable:=:/HDFEOS/GRIDS/MOP03/Data Fields/DEMAltitudeVariabilityDay
  volume:=:19369
  _FillValue:=:
  units:=:m
  long_name:=:DEM Altitude Variability Day
variable:=:/HDFEOS/GRIDS/MOP03/Data Fields/DEMAltitudeVariabilityNight
  volume:=:25938
  _FillValue:=:
  units:=:m
  long_name:=:DEM Altitude Variability Night
variable:=:/HDFEOS/GRIDS/MOP03/Data Fields/DegreesofFreedomforSignalDay
  volume:=:32731
  _FillValue:=:
  units:=:NA
  long_name:=:Degrees of Freedom for Signal Day
variable:=:/HDFEOS/GRIDS/MOP03/Data Fields/DegreesofFreedomforSignalNight
  volume:=:36941
  _FillValue:=:
  units:=:NA
  long_name:=:Degrees of Freedom for Signal Night
variable:=:/HDFEOS/GRIDS/MOP03/Data Fields/Latitude
  volume:=:720
  units:=:degrees_north
variable:=:/HDFEOS/GRIDS/MOP03/Data Fields/Longitude
  volume:=:1440
  units:=:degrees_east
variable:=:/HDFEOS/GRIDS/MOP03/Data Fields/NumberofPixelsDay
  volume:=:13780
  _FillValue:=:
  units:=:NA
  long_name:=:Number of Pixel Day
variable:=:/HDFEOS/GRIDS/MOP03/Data Fields/NumberofPixelsNight
  volume:=:15014
  _FillValue:=:
  units:=:NA
  long_name:=:Number of Pixel Night
variable:=:/HDFEOS/GRIDS/MOP03/Data Fields/Pressure
  volume:=:36
  units:=:hPa
variable:=:/HDFEOS/GRIDS/MOP03/Data Fields/Pressure2
  volume:=:40
  units:=:hPa
variable:=:/HDFEOS/GRIDS/MOP03/Data Fields/RetrievalAveragingKernelMatrixDay
  volume:=:2483162
  _FillValue:=:
  units:=:NA
  long_name:=:Retrieval Averaging Kernel Matrix Day
variable:=:/HDFEOS/GRIDS/MOP03/Data Fields/RetrievalAveragingKernelMatrixNight
  volume:=:2749350
  _FillValue:=:
  units:=:NA
  long_name:=:Retrieval Averaging Kernel Matrix Night
variable:=:/HDFEOS/GRIDS/MOP03/Data Fields/RetrievedCOMixingRatioProfileDay
  volume:=:232238
  _FillValue:=:
  units:=:ppbv
  long_name:=:Retrieved CO Mixing Ratio Profile Day
variable:=:/HDFEOS/GRIDS/MOP03/Data Fields/RetrievedCOMixingRatioProfileMeanUncertaintyDay
  volume:=:231772
  _FillValue:=:
  units:=:ppbv
  long_name:=:Retrieved CO Mixing Ratio Profile Mean Uncertainty Day
variable:=:/HDFEOS/GRIDS/MOP03/Data Fields/RetrievedCOMixingRatioProfileMeanUncertaintyNight
  volume:=:255045
  long_name:=:Retrieved CO Mixing Ratio Profile Mean Uncertainty Night
  _FillValue:=:
  units:=:ppbv
variable:=:/HDFEOS/GRIDS/MOP03/Data Fields/RetrievedCOMixingRatioProfileNight
  volume:=:255074
  _FillValue:=:
  units:=:ppbv
  long_name:=:Retrieved CO Mixing Ratio Profile Night
variable:=:/HDFEOS/GRIDS/MOP03/Data Fields/RetrievedCOMixingRatioProfileVariabilityDay
  volume:=:238551
  _FillValue:=:
  units:=:ppbv
  long_name:=:Retrieved CO Mixing Ratio Profile Variability Day
variable:=:/HDFEOS/GRIDS/MOP03/Data Fields/RetrievedCOMixingRatioProfileVariabilityNight
  volume:=:264720
  _FillValue:=:
  units:=:ppbv
  long_name:=:Retrieved CO Mixing Ratio Profile Variability Night
variable:=:/HDFEOS/GRIDS/MOP03/Data Fields/RetrievedCOSurfaceMixingRatioDay
  volume:=:32989
  _FillValue:=:
  units:=:ppbv
  long_name:=:Retrieved CO Surface Mixing Ratio Day
variable:=:/HDFEOS/GRIDS/MOP03/Data Fields/RetrievedCOSurfaceMixingRatioMeanUncertaintyDay
  volume:=:32966
  _FillValue:=:
  units:=:ppbv
  long_name:=:Retrieved CO Surface Mixing Ratio Mean Uncertainty Day
variable:=:/HDFEOS/GRIDS/MOP03/Data Fields/RetrievedCOSurfaceMixingRatioMeanUncertaintyNight
  volume:=:36820
  _FillValue:=:
  units:=:ppbv
  long_name:=:Retrieved CO Surface Mixing Ratio Mean Uncertainty Night
variable:=:/HDFEOS/GRIDS/MOP03/Data Fields/RetrievedCOSurfaceMixingRatioNight
  volume:=:36755
  _FillValue:=:
  units:=:ppbv
  long_name:=:Retrieved CO Surface Mixing Ratio Night
variable:=:/HDFEOS/GRIDS/MOP03/Data Fields/RetrievedCOSurfaceMixingRatioVariabilityDay
  volume:=:33885
  _FillValue:=:
  units:=:ppbv
  long_name:=:Retrieved CO Surface Mixing Ratio Variability Day
variable:=:/HDFEOS/GRIDS/MOP03/Data Fields/RetrievedCOSurfaceMixingRatioVariabilityNight
  volume:=:38069
  _FillValue:=:
  units:=:ppbv
  long_name:=:Retrieved CO Surface Mixing Ratio Variability Night
variable:=:/HDFEOS/GRIDS/MOP03/Data Fields/RetrievedCOTotalColumnDay
  volume:=:33010
  _FillValue:=:
  units:=:mol/cm^2
  long_name:=:Retrieved CO Total Column Day
variable:=:/HDFEOS/GRIDS/MOP03/Data Fields/RetrievedCOTotalColumnDiagnosticsDay
  volume:=:59689
  _FillValue:=:
  units:=:mol/cm^2
  long_name:=:Retrieved CO Total Column Diagnostics Day
variable:=:/HDFEOS/GRIDS/MOP03/Data Fields/RetrievedCOTotalColumnDiagnosticsNight
  volume:=:66867
  _FillValue:=:
  units:=:mol/cm^2
  long_name:=:Retrieved CO Total Column Diagnostics Night
variable:=:/HDFEOS/GRIDS/MOP03/Data Fields/RetrievedCOTotalColumnMeanUncertaintyDay
  volume:=:33123
  _FillValue:=:
  units:=:mol/cm^2
  long_name:=:Retrieved CO Total Column Mean Uncertainty Day
variable:=:/HDFEOS/GRIDS/MOP03/Data Fields/RetrievedCOTotalColumnMeanUncertaintyNight
  volume:=:36795
  _FillValue:=:
  units:=:mol/cm^2
  long_name:=:Retrieved CO Total Column Mean Uncertainty Night
variable:=:/HDFEOS/GRIDS/MOP03/Data Fields/RetrievedCOTotalColumnNight
  volume:=:36800
  _FillValue:=:
  units:=:mol/cm^2
  long_name:=:Retrieved CO Total Column Night
variable:=:/HDFEOS/GRIDS/MOP03/Data Fields/RetrievedCOTotalColumnVariabilityDay
  volume:=:33706
  _FillValue:=:
  units:=:mol/cm^2
  long_name:=:Retrieved CO Total Column Variability Day
variable:=:/HDFEOS/GRIDS/MOP03/Data Fields/RetrievedCOTotalColumnVariabilityNight
  volume:=:37924
  _FillValue:=:
  units:=:mol/cm^2
  long_name:=:Retrieved CO Total Column Variability Night
variable:=:/HDFEOS/GRIDS/MOP03/Data Fields/RetrievedSurfaceEmissivityDay
  volume:=:31276
  _FillValue:=:
  units:=:NA
  long_name:=:Retrieved Surface Emissivity Day
variable:=:/HDFEOS/GRIDS/MOP03/Data Fields/RetrievedSurfaceEmissivityMeanUncertaintyDay
  volume:=:31127
  _FillValue:=:
  units:=:NA
  long_name:=:Retrieved Surface Emissivity Mean Uncertainty Day
variable:=:/HDFEOS/GRIDS/MOP03/Data Fields/RetrievedSurfaceEmissivityMeanUncertaintyNight
  volume:=:35230
  _FillValue:=:
  units:=:NA
  long_name:=:Retrieved Surface Emissivity Mean Uncertainty Night
variable:=:/HDFEOS/GRIDS/MOP03/Data Fields/RetrievedSurfaceEmissivityNight
  volume:=:32235
  _FillValue:=:
  units:=:NA
  long_name:=:Retrieved Surface Emissivity Night
variable:=:/HDFEOS/GRIDS/MOP03/Data Fields/RetrievedSurfaceEmissivityVariabilityDay
  volume:=:33336
  _FillValue:=:
  units:=:NA
  long_name:=:Retrieved Surface Emissivity Variability Day
variable:=:/HDFEOS/GRIDS/MOP03/Data Fields/RetrievedSurfaceEmissivityVariabilityNight
  volume:=:34201
  _FillValue:=:
  units:=:NA
  long_name:=:Retrieved Surface Emissivity Variability Night
variable:=:/HDFEOS/GRIDS/MOP03/Data Fields/RetrievedSurfaceTemperatureDay
  volume:=:30795
  _FillValue:=:
  units:=:K
  long_name:=:Retrieved Surface Temperature Day
variable:=:/HDFEOS/GRIDS/MOP03/Data Fields/RetrievedSurfaceTemperatureMeanUncertaintyDay
  volume:=:33310
  _FillValue:=:
  units:=:K
  long_name:=:Retrieved Surface Temperature Mean Uncertainty Day
variable:=:/HDFEOS/GRIDS/MOP03/Data Fields/RetrievedSurfaceTemperatureMeanUncertaintyNight
  volume:=:36405
  _FillValue:=:
  units:=:K
  long_name:=:Retrieved Surface Temperature Mean Uncertainty Night
variable:=:/HDFEOS/GRIDS/MOP03/Data Fields/RetrievedSurfaceTemperatureNight
  volume:=:34661
  _FillValue:=:
  units:=:K
  long_name:=:Retrieved Surface Temperature Night
variable:=:/HDFEOS/GRIDS/MOP03/Data Fields/RetrievedSurfaceTemperatureVariabilityDay
  volume:=:33351
  _FillValue:=:
  units:=:K
  long_name:=:Retrieved Surface Temperature Variability Day
variable:=:/HDFEOS/GRIDS/MOP03/Data Fields/RetrievedSurfaceTemperatureVariabilityNight
  volume:=:37414
  _FillValue:=:
  units:=:K
  long_name:=:Retrieved Surface Temperature Variability Night
variable:=:/HDFEOS/GRIDS/MOP03/Data Fields/SatelliteZenithAngleDay
  volume:=:33417
  _FillValue:=:
  units:=:deg
  long_name:=:Satellite Zenith Angle Day
variable:=:/HDFEOS/GRIDS/MOP03/Data Fields/SatelliteZenithAngleNight
  volume:=:37476
  _FillValue:=:
  units:=:deg
  long_name:=:Satellite Zenith Angle Night
variable:=:/HDFEOS/GRIDS/MOP03/Data Fields/SignalChi2Day
  volume:=:34333
  _FillValue:=:
  units:=:NA
  long_name:=:Signal Chi2 Day
variable:=:/HDFEOS/GRIDS/MOP03/Data Fields/SignalChi2Night
  volume:=:38927
  _FillValue:=:
  units:=:NA
  long_name:=:Signal Chi2 Night
variable:=:/HDFEOS/GRIDS/MOP03/Data Fields/SignalChi2VariabilityDay
  volume:=:34608
  _FillValue:=:
  units:=:NA
  long_name:=:Signal Chi2 Variability Day
variable:=:/HDFEOS/GRIDS/MOP03/Data Fields/SignalChi2VariabilityNight
  volume:=:39140
  _FillValue:=:
  units:=:NA
  long_name:=:Signal Chi2 Variability Night
variable:=:/HDFEOS/GRIDS/MOP03/Data Fields/SolarZenithAngleDay
  volume:=:32639
  _FillValue:=:
  units:=:deg
  long_name:=:Solar Zenith Angle Day
variable:=:/HDFEOS/GRIDS/MOP03/Data Fields/SolarZenithAngleNight
  volume:=:35575
  _FillValue:=:
  units:=:deg
  long_name:=:Solar Zenith Angle Night
variable:=:/HDFEOS/GRIDS/MOP03/Data Fields/SurfaceIndexDay
  volume:=:9058
  _FillValue:=:
  units:=:NA
  long_name:=:Surface Index Day
variable:=:/HDFEOS/GRIDS/MOP03/Data Fields/SurfaceIndexNight
  volume:=:9748
  _FillValue:=:
  units:=:NA
  long_name:=:Surface Index Night
variable:=:/HDFEOS/GRIDS/MOP03/Data Fields/SurfacePressureDay
  volume:=:30362
  _FillValue:=:
  units:=:hPa
  long_name:=:Surface Pressure Day
variable:=:/HDFEOS/GRIDS/MOP03/Data Fields/SurfacePressureNight
  volume:=:34466
  _FillValue:=:
  units:=:hPa
  long_name:=:Surface Pressure Night
variable:=:/HDFEOS INFORMATION/StructMetadata.0
  volume:=:32000
variable:=:/HDFEOS INFORMATION/coremetadata.0
  volume:=:65535
