variable:=:/HDFEOS/GRIDS/MOP03/Data Fields/APrioriCOMixingRatioProfileDay
  volume:=:1254697
  _FillValue:=:
  units:=:ppbv
  long_name:=:A Priori CO Mixing Ratio Profile Day
variable:=:/HDFEOS/GRIDS/MOP03/Data Fields/APrioriCOMixingRatioProfileNight
  volume:=:1221435
  _FillValue:=:
  units:=:ppbv
  long_name:=:A Priori CO Mixing Ratio Profile Night
variable:=:/HDFEOS/GRIDS/MOP03/Data Fields/APrioriCOSurfaceMixingRatioDay
  volume:=:148694
  _FillValue:=:
  units:=:ppbv
  long_name:=:A Priori CO Surface Mixing Ratio Day
variable:=:/HDFEOS/GRIDS/MOP03/Data Fields/APrioriCOSurfaceMixingRatioNight
  volume:=:146596
  _FillValue:=:
  units:=:ppbv
  long_name:=:A Priori CO Surface Mixing Ratio Night
variable:=:/HDFEOS/GRIDS/MOP03/Data Fields/APrioriCOTotalColumnDay
  volume:=:150303
  _FillValue:=:
  units:=:mol/cm^2
  long_name:=:A Priori CO Total Column Day
variable:=:/HDFEOS/GRIDS/MOP03/Data Fields/APrioriCOTotalColumnNight
  volume:=:148234
  _FillValue:=:
  units:=:mol/cm^2
  long_name:=:A Priori CO Total Column Night
variable:=:/HDFEOS/GRIDS/MOP03/Data Fields/APrioriSurfaceEmissivityDay
  volume:=:91324
  _FillValue:=:
  units:=:NA
  long_name:=:A Priori Surface Emissivity Day
variable:=:/HDFEOS/GRIDS/MOP03/Data Fields/APrioriSurfaceEmissivityNight
  volume:=:91129
  _FillValue:=:
  units:=:NA
  long_name:=:A Priori Surface Emissivity Night
variable:=:/HDFEOS/GRIDS/MOP03/Data Fields/APrioriSurfaceTemperatureDay
  volume:=:140677
  _FillValue:=:
  units:=:K
  long_name:=:A Priori Surface Temperature Day
variable:=:/HDFEOS/GRIDS/MOP03/Data Fields/APrioriSurfaceTemperatureNight
  volume:=:139503
  _FillValue:=:
  units:=:K
  long_name:=:A Priori Surface Temperature Night
variable:=:/HDFEOS/GRIDS/MOP03/Data Fields/DEMAltitudeDay
  volume:=:63404
  _FillValue:=:
  units:=:m
  long_name:=:DEM Altitude Day
variable:=:/HDFEOS/GRIDS/MOP03/Data Fields/DEMAltitudeNight
  volume:=:69647
  _FillValue:=:
  units:=:m
  long_name:=:DEM Altitude Night
variable:=:/HDFEOS/GRIDS/MOP03/Data Fields/DEMAltitudeVariabilityDay
  volume:=:69510
  _FillValue:=:
  units:=:m
  long_name:=:DEM Altitude Variability Day
variable:=:/HDFEOS/GRIDS/MOP03/Data Fields/DEMAltitudeVariabilityNight
  volume:=:75527
  _FillValue:=:
  units:=:m
  long_name:=:DEM Altitude Variability Night
variable:=:/HDFEOS/GRIDS/MOP03/Data Fields/DegreesofFreedomforSignalDay
  volume:=:152858
  _FillValue:=:
  units:=:NA
  long_name:=:Degrees of Freedom for Signal Day
variable:=:/HDFEOS/GRIDS/MOP03/Data Fields/DegreesofFreedomforSignalNight
  volume:=:151396
  _FillValue:=:
  units:=:NA
  long_name:=:Degrees of Freedom for Signal Night
variable:=:/HDFEOS/GRIDS/MOP03/Data Fields/Latitude
  volume:=:720
  units:=:degrees_north
variable:=:/HDFEOS/GRIDS/MOP03/Data Fields/Longitude
  volume:=:1440
  units:=:degrees_east
variable:=:/HDFEOS/GRIDS/MOP03/Data Fields/NumberofPixelsDay
  volume:=:51307
  _FillValue:=:
  units:=:NA
  long_name:=:Number of Pixel Day
variable:=:/HDFEOS/GRIDS/MOP03/Data Fields/NumberofPixelsNight
  volume:=:52135
  _FillValue:=:
  units:=:NA
  long_name:=:Number of Pixel Night
variable:=:/HDFEOS/GRIDS/MOP03/Data Fields/Pressure
  volume:=:36
  units:=:hPa
variable:=:/HDFEOS/GRIDS/MOP03/Data Fields/Pressure2
  volume:=:40
  units:=:hPa
variable:=:/HDFEOS/GRIDS/MOP03/Data Fields/RetrievalAveragingKernelMatrixDay
  volume:=:14466036
  _FillValue:=:
  units:=:NA
  long_name:=:Retrieval Averaging Kernel Matrix Day
variable:=:/HDFEOS/GRIDS/MOP03/Data Fields/RetrievalAveragingKernelMatrixNight
  volume:=:14053159
  _FillValue:=:
  units:=:NA
  long_name:=:Retrieval Averaging Kernel Matrix Night
variable:=:/HDFEOS/GRIDS/MOP03/Data Fields/RetrievedCOMixingRatioProfileDay
  volume:=:1274399
  _FillValue:=:
  units:=:ppbv
  long_name:=:Retrieved CO Mixing Ratio Profile Day
variable:=:/HDFEOS/GRIDS/MOP03/Data Fields/RetrievedCOMixingRatioProfileMeanUncertaintyDay
  volume:=:1275392
  _FillValue:=:
  units:=:ppbv
  long_name:=:Retrieved CO Mixing Ratio Profile Mean Uncertainty Day
variable:=:/HDFEOS/GRIDS/MOP03/Data Fields/RetrievedCOMixingRatioProfileMeanUncertaintyNight
  volume:=:1239046
  long_name:=:Retrieved CO Mixing Ratio Profile Mean Uncertainty Night
  _FillValue:=:
  units:=:ppbv
variable:=:/HDFEOS/GRIDS/MOP03/Data Fields/RetrievedCOMixingRatioProfileNight
  volume:=:1237216
  _FillValue:=:
  units:=:ppbv
  long_name:=:Retrieved CO Mixing Ratio Profile Night
variable:=:/HDFEOS/GRIDS/MOP03/Data Fields/RetrievedCOMixingRatioProfileVariabilityDay
  volume:=:1304897
  _FillValue:=:
  units:=:ppbv
  long_name:=:Retrieved CO Mixing Ratio Profile Variability Day
variable:=:/HDFEOS/GRIDS/MOP03/Data Fields/RetrievedCOMixingRatioProfileVariabilityNight
  volume:=:1269196
  _FillValue:=:
  units:=:ppbv
  long_name:=:Retrieved CO Mixing Ratio Profile Variability Night
variable:=:/HDFEOS/GRIDS/MOP03/Data Fields/RetrievedCOSurfaceMixingRatioDay
  volume:=:152293
  _FillValue:=:
  units:=:ppbv
  long_name:=:Retrieved CO Surface Mixing Ratio Day
variable:=:/HDFEOS/GRIDS/MOP03/Data Fields/RetrievedCOSurfaceMixingRatioMeanUncertaintyDay
  volume:=:152632
  _FillValue:=:
  units:=:ppbv
  long_name:=:Retrieved CO Surface Mixing Ratio Mean Uncertainty Day
variable:=:/HDFEOS/GRIDS/MOP03/Data Fields/RetrievedCOSurfaceMixingRatioMeanUncertaintyNight
  volume:=:150502
  _FillValue:=:
  units:=:ppbv
  long_name:=:Retrieved CO Surface Mixing Ratio Mean Uncertainty Night
variable:=:/HDFEOS/GRIDS/MOP03/Data Fields/RetrievedCOSurfaceMixingRatioNight
  volume:=:149960
  _FillValue:=:
  units:=:ppbv
  long_name:=:Retrieved CO Surface Mixing Ratio Night
variable:=:/HDFEOS/GRIDS/MOP03/Data Fields/RetrievedCOSurfaceMixingRatioVariabilityDay
  volume:=:158850
  _FillValue:=:
  units:=:ppbv
  long_name:=:Retrieved CO Surface Mixing Ratio Variability Day
variable:=:/HDFEOS/GRIDS/MOP03/Data Fields/RetrievedCOSurfaceMixingRatioVariabilityNight
  volume:=:156279
  _FillValue:=:
  units:=:ppbv
  long_name:=:Retrieved CO Surface Mixing Ratio Variability Night
variable:=:/HDFEOS/GRIDS/MOP03/Data Fields/RetrievedCOTotalColumnDay
  volume:=:153341
  _FillValue:=:
  units:=:mol/cm^2
  long_name:=:Retrieved CO Total Column Day
variable:=:/HDFEOS/GRIDS/MOP03/Data Fields/RetrievedCOTotalColumnDiagnosticsDay
  volume:=:297924
  _FillValue:=:
  units:=:mol/cm^2
  long_name:=:Retrieved CO Total Column Diagnostics Day
variable:=:/HDFEOS/GRIDS/MOP03/Data Fields/RetrievedCOTotalColumnDiagnosticsNight
  volume:=:293655
  _FillValue:=:
  units:=:mol/cm^2
  long_name:=:Retrieved CO Total Column Diagnostics Night
variable:=:/HDFEOS/GRIDS/MOP03/Data Fields/RetrievedCOTotalColumnMeanUncertaintyDay
  volume:=:152936
  _FillValue:=:
  units:=:mol/cm^2
  long_name:=:Retrieved CO Total Column Mean Uncertainty Day
variable:=:/HDFEOS/GRIDS/MOP03/Data Fields/RetrievedCOTotalColumnMeanUncertaintyNight
  volume:=:150122
  _FillValue:=:
  units:=:mol/cm^2
  long_name:=:Retrieved CO Total Column Mean Uncertainty Night
variable:=:/HDFEOS/GRIDS/MOP03/Data Fields/RetrievedCOTotalColumnNight
  volume:=:150888
  _FillValue:=:
  units:=:mol/cm^2
  long_name:=:Retrieved CO Total Column Night
variable:=:/HDFEOS/GRIDS/MOP03/Data Fields/RetrievedCOTotalColumnVariabilityDay
  volume:=:157904
  _FillValue:=:
  units:=:mol/cm^2
  long_name:=:Retrieved CO Total Column Variability Day
variable:=:/HDFEOS/GRIDS/MOP03/Data Fields/RetrievedCOTotalColumnVariabilityNight
  volume:=:155393
  _FillValue:=:
  units:=:mol/cm^2
  long_name:=:Retrieved CO Total Column Variability Night
variable:=:/HDFEOS/GRIDS/MOP03/Data Fields/RetrievedSurfaceEmissivityDay
  volume:=:142788
  _FillValue:=:
  units:=:NA
  long_name:=:Retrieved Surface Emissivity Day
variable:=:/HDFEOS/GRIDS/MOP03/Data Fields/RetrievedSurfaceEmissivityMeanUncertaintyDay
  volume:=:138616
  _FillValue:=:
  units:=:NA
  long_name:=:Retrieved Surface Emissivity Mean Uncertainty Day
variable:=:/HDFEOS/GRIDS/MOP03/Data Fields/RetrievedSurfaceEmissivityMeanUncertaintyNight
  volume:=:138077
  _FillValue:=:
  units:=:NA
  long_name:=:Retrieved Surface Emissivity Mean Uncertainty Night
variable:=:/HDFEOS/GRIDS/MOP03/Data Fields/RetrievedSurfaceEmissivityNight
  volume:=:141033
  _FillValue:=:
  units:=:NA
  long_name:=:Retrieved Surface Emissivity Night
variable:=:/HDFEOS/GRIDS/MOP03/Data Fields/RetrievedSurfaceEmissivityVariabilityDay
  volume:=:157879
  _FillValue:=:
  units:=:NA
  long_name:=:Retrieved Surface Emissivity Variability Day
variable:=:/HDFEOS/GRIDS/MOP03/Data Fields/RetrievedSurfaceEmissivityVariabilityNight
  volume:=:155541
  _FillValue:=:
  units:=:NA
  long_name:=:Retrieved Surface Emissivity Variability Night
variable:=:/HDFEOS/GRIDS/MOP03/Data Fields/RetrievedSurfaceTemperatureDay
  volume:=:141858
  _FillValue:=:
  units:=:K
  long_name:=:Retrieved Surface Temperature Day
variable:=:/HDFEOS/GRIDS/MOP03/Data Fields/RetrievedSurfaceTemperatureMeanUncertaintyDay
  volume:=:157390
  _FillValue:=:
  units:=:K
  long_name:=:Retrieved Surface Temperature Mean Uncertainty Day
variable:=:/HDFEOS/GRIDS/MOP03/Data Fields/RetrievedSurfaceTemperatureMeanUncertaintyNight
  volume:=:147385
  _FillValue:=:
  units:=:K
  long_name:=:Retrieved Surface Temperature Mean Uncertainty Night
variable:=:/HDFEOS/GRIDS/MOP03/Data Fields/RetrievedSurfaceTemperatureNight
  volume:=:139775
  _FillValue:=:
  units:=:K
  long_name:=:Retrieved Surface Temperature Night
variable:=:/HDFEOS/GRIDS/MOP03/Data Fields/RetrievedSurfaceTemperatureVariabilityDay
  volume:=:158399
  _FillValue:=:
  units:=:K
  long_name:=:Retrieved Surface Temperature Variability Day
variable:=:/HDFEOS/GRIDS/MOP03/Data Fields/RetrievedSurfaceTemperatureVariabilityNight
  volume:=:155960
  _FillValue:=:
  units:=:K
  long_name:=:Retrieved Surface Temperature Variability Night
variable:=:/HDFEOS/GRIDS/MOP03/Data Fields/SatelliteZenithAngleDay
  volume:=:155412
  _FillValue:=:
  units:=:deg
  long_name:=:Satellite Zenith Angle Day
variable:=:/HDFEOS/GRIDS/MOP03/Data Fields/SatelliteZenithAngleNight
  volume:=:153308
  _FillValue:=:
  units:=:deg
  long_name:=:Satellite Zenith Angle Night
variable:=:/HDFEOS/GRIDS/MOP03/Data Fields/SignalChi2Day
  volume:=:161093
  _FillValue:=:
  units:=:NA
  long_name:=:Signal Chi2 Day
variable:=:/HDFEOS/GRIDS/MOP03/Data Fields/SignalChi2Night
  volume:=:161435
  _FillValue:=:
  units:=:NA
  long_name:=:Signal Chi2 Night
variable:=:/HDFEOS/GRIDS/MOP03/Data Fields/SignalChi2VariabilityDay
  volume:=:162278
  _FillValue:=:
  units:=:NA
  long_name:=:Signal Chi2 Variability Day
variable:=:/HDFEOS/GRIDS/MOP03/Data Fields/SignalChi2VariabilityNight
  volume:=:162395
  _FillValue:=:
  units:=:NA
  long_name:=:Signal Chi2 Variability Night
variable:=:/HDFEOS/GRIDS/MOP03/Data Fields/SolarZenithAngleDay
  volume:=:152328
  _FillValue:=:
  units:=:deg
  long_name:=:Solar Zenith Angle Day
variable:=:/HDFEOS/GRIDS/MOP03/Data Fields/SolarZenithAngleNight
  volume:=:145807
  _FillValue:=:
  units:=:deg
  long_name:=:Solar Zenith Angle Night
variable:=:/HDFEOS/GRIDS/MOP03/Data Fields/SurfaceIndexDay
  volume:=:18419
  _FillValue:=:
  units:=:NA
  long_name:=:Surface Index Day
variable:=:/HDFEOS/GRIDS/MOP03/Data Fields/SurfaceIndexNight
  volume:=:18483
  _FillValue:=:
  units:=:NA
  long_name:=:Surface Index Night
variable:=:/HDFEOS/GRIDS/MOP03/Data Fields/SurfacePressureDay
  volume:=:141370
  _FillValue:=:
  units:=:hPa
  long_name:=:Surface Pressure Day
variable:=:/HDFEOS/GRIDS/MOP03/Data Fields/SurfacePressureNight
  volume:=:139952
  _FillValue:=:
  units:=:hPa
  long_name:=:Surface Pressure Night
variable:=:/HDFEOS INFORMATION/StructMetadata.0
  volume:=:32000
variable:=:/HDFEOS INFORMATION/coremetadata.0
  volume:=:65535
