variable:=:/HDFEOS/GRIDS/MOP03/Data Fields/APrioriCOMixingRatioProfileDay
  volume:=:1245654
  _FillValue:=:
  units:=:ppbv
  long_name:=:A Priori CO Mixing Ratio Profile Day
variable:=:/HDFEOS/GRIDS/MOP03/Data Fields/APrioriCOMixingRatioProfileNight
  volume:=:1214533
  _FillValue:=:
  units:=:ppbv
  long_name:=:A Priori CO Mixing Ratio Profile Night
variable:=:/HDFEOS/GRIDS/MOP03/Data Fields/APrioriCOSurfaceMixingRatioDay
  volume:=:147800
  _FillValue:=:
  units:=:ppbv
  long_name:=:A Priori CO Surface Mixing Ratio Day
variable:=:/HDFEOS/GRIDS/MOP03/Data Fields/APrioriCOSurfaceMixingRatioNight
  volume:=:145917
  _FillValue:=:
  units:=:ppbv
  long_name:=:A Priori CO Surface Mixing Ratio Night
variable:=:/HDFEOS/GRIDS/MOP03/Data Fields/APrioriCOTotalColumnDay
  volume:=:149453
  _FillValue:=:
  units:=:mol/cm^2
  long_name:=:A Priori CO Total Column Day
variable:=:/HDFEOS/GRIDS/MOP03/Data Fields/APrioriCOTotalColumnNight
  volume:=:147489
  _FillValue:=:
  units:=:mol/cm^2
  long_name:=:A Priori CO Total Column Night
variable:=:/HDFEOS/GRIDS/MOP03/Data Fields/APrioriSurfaceEmissivityDay
  volume:=:90696
  _FillValue:=:
  units:=:NA
  long_name:=:A Priori Surface Emissivity Day
variable:=:/HDFEOS/GRIDS/MOP03/Data Fields/APrioriSurfaceEmissivityNight
  volume:=:90787
  _FillValue:=:
  units:=:NA
  long_name:=:A Priori Surface Emissivity Night
variable:=:/HDFEOS/GRIDS/MOP03/Data Fields/APrioriSurfaceTemperatureDay
  volume:=:139852
  _FillValue:=:
  units:=:K
  long_name:=:A Priori Surface Temperature Day
variable:=:/HDFEOS/GRIDS/MOP03/Data Fields/APrioriSurfaceTemperatureNight
  volume:=:138916
  _FillValue:=:
  units:=:K
  long_name:=:A Priori Surface Temperature Night
variable:=:/HDFEOS/GRIDS/MOP03/Data Fields/DEMAltitudeDay
  volume:=:62900
  _FillValue:=:
  units:=:m
  long_name:=:DEM Altitude Day
variable:=:/HDFEOS/GRIDS/MOP03/Data Fields/DEMAltitudeNight
  volume:=:69414
  _FillValue:=:
  units:=:m
  long_name:=:DEM Altitude Night
variable:=:/HDFEOS/GRIDS/MOP03/Data Fields/DEMAltitudeVariabilityDay
  volume:=:69142
  _FillValue:=:
  units:=:m
  long_name:=:DEM Altitude Variability Day
variable:=:/HDFEOS/GRIDS/MOP03/Data Fields/DEMAltitudeVariabilityNight
  volume:=:75420
  _FillValue:=:
  units:=:m
  long_name:=:DEM Altitude Variability Night
variable:=:/HDFEOS/GRIDS/MOP03/Data Fields/DegreesofFreedomforSignalDay
  volume:=:151527
  _FillValue:=:
  units:=:NA
  long_name:=:Degrees of Freedom for Signal Day
variable:=:/HDFEOS/GRIDS/MOP03/Data Fields/DegreesofFreedomforSignalNight
  volume:=:149601
  _FillValue:=:
  units:=:NA
  long_name:=:Degrees of Freedom for Signal Night
variable:=:/HDFEOS/GRIDS/MOP03/Data Fields/Latitude
  volume:=:720
  units:=:degrees_north
variable:=:/HDFEOS/GRIDS/MOP03/Data Fields/Longitude
  volume:=:1440
  units:=:degrees_east
variable:=:/HDFEOS/GRIDS/MOP03/Data Fields/NumberofPixelsDay
  volume:=:50643
  _FillValue:=:
  units:=:NA
  long_name:=:Number of Pixel Day
variable:=:/HDFEOS/GRIDS/MOP03/Data Fields/NumberofPixelsNight
  volume:=:51693
  _FillValue:=:
  units:=:NA
  long_name:=:Number of Pixel Night
variable:=:/HDFEOS/GRIDS/MOP03/Data Fields/Pressure
  volume:=:36
  units:=:hPa
variable:=:/HDFEOS/GRIDS/MOP03/Data Fields/Pressure2
  volume:=:40
  units:=:hPa
variable:=:/HDFEOS/GRIDS/MOP03/Data Fields/RetrievalAveragingKernelMatrixDay
  volume:=:14376236
  _FillValue:=:
  units:=:NA
  long_name:=:Retrieval Averaging Kernel Matrix Day
variable:=:/HDFEOS/GRIDS/MOP03/Data Fields/RetrievalAveragingKernelMatrixNight
  volume:=:14021484
  _FillValue:=:
  units:=:NA
  long_name:=:Retrieval Averaging Kernel Matrix Night
variable:=:/HDFEOS/GRIDS/MOP03/Data Fields/RetrievedCOMixingRatioProfileDay
  volume:=:1277895
  _FillValue:=:
  units:=:ppbv
  long_name:=:Retrieved CO Mixing Ratio Profile Day
variable:=:/HDFEOS/GRIDS/MOP03/Data Fields/RetrievedCOMixingRatioProfileMeanUncertaintyDay
  volume:=:1276151
  _FillValue:=:
  units:=:ppbv
  long_name:=:Retrieved CO Mixing Ratio Profile Mean Uncertainty Day
variable:=:/HDFEOS/GRIDS/MOP03/Data Fields/RetrievedCOMixingRatioProfileMeanUncertaintyNight
  volume:=:1240558
  long_name:=:Retrieved CO Mixing Ratio Profile Mean Uncertainty Night
  _FillValue:=:
  units:=:ppbv
variable:=:/HDFEOS/GRIDS/MOP03/Data Fields/RetrievedCOMixingRatioProfileNight
  volume:=:1240675
  _FillValue:=:
  units:=:ppbv
  long_name:=:Retrieved CO Mixing Ratio Profile Night
variable:=:/HDFEOS/GRIDS/MOP03/Data Fields/RetrievedCOMixingRatioProfileVariabilityDay
  volume:=:1295625
  _FillValue:=:
  units:=:ppbv
  long_name:=:Retrieved CO Mixing Ratio Profile Variability Day
variable:=:/HDFEOS/GRIDS/MOP03/Data Fields/RetrievedCOMixingRatioProfileVariabilityNight
  volume:=:1259900
  _FillValue:=:
  units:=:ppbv
  long_name:=:Retrieved CO Mixing Ratio Profile Variability Night
variable:=:/HDFEOS/GRIDS/MOP03/Data Fields/RetrievedCOSurfaceMixingRatioDay
  volume:=:153662
  _FillValue:=:
  units:=:ppbv
  long_name:=:Retrieved CO Surface Mixing Ratio Day
variable:=:/HDFEOS/GRIDS/MOP03/Data Fields/RetrievedCOSurfaceMixingRatioMeanUncertaintyDay
  volume:=:153436
  _FillValue:=:
  units:=:ppbv
  long_name:=:Retrieved CO Surface Mixing Ratio Mean Uncertainty Day
variable:=:/HDFEOS/GRIDS/MOP03/Data Fields/RetrievedCOSurfaceMixingRatioMeanUncertaintyNight
  volume:=:150881
  _FillValue:=:
  units:=:ppbv
  long_name:=:Retrieved CO Surface Mixing Ratio Mean Uncertainty Night
variable:=:/HDFEOS/GRIDS/MOP03/Data Fields/RetrievedCOSurfaceMixingRatioNight
  volume:=:150939
  _FillValue:=:
  units:=:ppbv
  long_name:=:Retrieved CO Surface Mixing Ratio Night
variable:=:/HDFEOS/GRIDS/MOP03/Data Fields/RetrievedCOSurfaceMixingRatioVariabilityDay
  volume:=:158568
  _FillValue:=:
  units:=:ppbv
  long_name:=:Retrieved CO Surface Mixing Ratio Variability Day
variable:=:/HDFEOS/GRIDS/MOP03/Data Fields/RetrievedCOSurfaceMixingRatioVariabilityNight
  volume:=:155400
  _FillValue:=:
  units:=:ppbv
  long_name:=:Retrieved CO Surface Mixing Ratio Variability Night
variable:=:/HDFEOS/GRIDS/MOP03/Data Fields/RetrievedCOTotalColumnDay
  volume:=:153288
  _FillValue:=:
  units:=:mol/cm^2
  long_name:=:Retrieved CO Total Column Day
variable:=:/HDFEOS/GRIDS/MOP03/Data Fields/RetrievedCOTotalColumnDiagnosticsDay
  volume:=:296180
  _FillValue:=:
  units:=:mol/cm^2
  long_name:=:Retrieved CO Total Column Diagnostics Day
variable:=:/HDFEOS/GRIDS/MOP03/Data Fields/RetrievedCOTotalColumnDiagnosticsNight
  volume:=:290499
  _FillValue:=:
  units:=:mol/cm^2
  long_name:=:Retrieved CO Total Column Diagnostics Night
variable:=:/HDFEOS/GRIDS/MOP03/Data Fields/RetrievedCOTotalColumnMeanUncertaintyDay
  volume:=:153142
  _FillValue:=:
  units:=:mol/cm^2
  long_name:=:Retrieved CO Total Column Mean Uncertainty Day
variable:=:/HDFEOS/GRIDS/MOP03/Data Fields/RetrievedCOTotalColumnMeanUncertaintyNight
  volume:=:150460
  _FillValue:=:
  units:=:mol/cm^2
  long_name:=:Retrieved CO Total Column Mean Uncertainty Night
variable:=:/HDFEOS/GRIDS/MOP03/Data Fields/RetrievedCOTotalColumnNight
  volume:=:150811
  _FillValue:=:
  units:=:mol/cm^2
  long_name:=:Retrieved CO Total Column Night
variable:=:/HDFEOS/GRIDS/MOP03/Data Fields/RetrievedCOTotalColumnVariabilityDay
  volume:=:157091
  _FillValue:=:
  units:=:mol/cm^2
  long_name:=:Retrieved CO Total Column Variability Day
variable:=:/HDFEOS/GRIDS/MOP03/Data Fields/RetrievedCOTotalColumnVariabilityNight
  volume:=:154573
  _FillValue:=:
  units:=:mol/cm^2
  long_name:=:Retrieved CO Total Column Variability Night
variable:=:/HDFEOS/GRIDS/MOP03/Data Fields/RetrievedSurfaceEmissivityDay
  volume:=:141853
  _FillValue:=:
  units:=:NA
  long_name:=:Retrieved Surface Emissivity Day
variable:=:/HDFEOS/GRIDS/MOP03/Data Fields/RetrievedSurfaceEmissivityMeanUncertaintyDay
  volume:=:139870
  _FillValue:=:
  units:=:NA
  long_name:=:Retrieved Surface Emissivity Mean Uncertainty Day
variable:=:/HDFEOS/GRIDS/MOP03/Data Fields/RetrievedSurfaceEmissivityMeanUncertaintyNight
  volume:=:140573
  _FillValue:=:
  units:=:NA
  long_name:=:Retrieved Surface Emissivity Mean Uncertainty Night
variable:=:/HDFEOS/GRIDS/MOP03/Data Fields/RetrievedSurfaceEmissivityNight
  volume:=:136461
  _FillValue:=:
  units:=:NA
  long_name:=:Retrieved Surface Emissivity Night
variable:=:/HDFEOS/GRIDS/MOP03/Data Fields/RetrievedSurfaceEmissivityVariabilityDay
  volume:=:156315
  _FillValue:=:
  units:=:NA
  long_name:=:Retrieved Surface Emissivity Variability Day
variable:=:/HDFEOS/GRIDS/MOP03/Data Fields/RetrievedSurfaceEmissivityVariabilityNight
  volume:=:152225
  _FillValue:=:
  units:=:NA
  long_name:=:Retrieved Surface Emissivity Variability Night
variable:=:/HDFEOS/GRIDS/MOP03/Data Fields/RetrievedSurfaceTemperatureDay
  volume:=:141060
  _FillValue:=:
  units:=:K
  long_name:=:Retrieved Surface Temperature Day
variable:=:/HDFEOS/GRIDS/MOP03/Data Fields/RetrievedSurfaceTemperatureMeanUncertaintyDay
  volume:=:155460
  _FillValue:=:
  units:=:K
  long_name:=:Retrieved Surface Temperature Mean Uncertainty Day
variable:=:/HDFEOS/GRIDS/MOP03/Data Fields/RetrievedSurfaceTemperatureMeanUncertaintyNight
  volume:=:146779
  _FillValue:=:
  units:=:K
  long_name:=:Retrieved Surface Temperature Mean Uncertainty Night
variable:=:/HDFEOS/GRIDS/MOP03/Data Fields/RetrievedSurfaceTemperatureNight
  volume:=:139340
  _FillValue:=:
  units:=:K
  long_name:=:Retrieved Surface Temperature Night
variable:=:/HDFEOS/GRIDS/MOP03/Data Fields/RetrievedSurfaceTemperatureVariabilityDay
  volume:=:157419
  _FillValue:=:
  units:=:K
  long_name:=:Retrieved Surface Temperature Variability Day
variable:=:/HDFEOS/GRIDS/MOP03/Data Fields/RetrievedSurfaceTemperatureVariabilityNight
  volume:=:154988
  _FillValue:=:
  units:=:K
  long_name:=:Retrieved Surface Temperature Variability Night
variable:=:/HDFEOS/GRIDS/MOP03/Data Fields/SatelliteZenithAngleDay
  volume:=:154464
  _FillValue:=:
  units:=:deg
  long_name:=:Satellite Zenith Angle Day
variable:=:/HDFEOS/GRIDS/MOP03/Data Fields/SatelliteZenithAngleNight
  volume:=:152614
  _FillValue:=:
  units:=:deg
  long_name:=:Satellite Zenith Angle Night
variable:=:/HDFEOS/GRIDS/MOP03/Data Fields/SignalChi2Day
  volume:=:161530
  _FillValue:=:
  units:=:NA
  long_name:=:Signal Chi2 Day
variable:=:/HDFEOS/GRIDS/MOP03/Data Fields/SignalChi2Night
  volume:=:162412
  _FillValue:=:
  units:=:NA
  long_name:=:Signal Chi2 Night
variable:=:/HDFEOS/GRIDS/MOP03/Data Fields/SignalChi2VariabilityDay
  volume:=:162235
  _FillValue:=:
  units:=:NA
  long_name:=:Signal Chi2 Variability Day
variable:=:/HDFEOS/GRIDS/MOP03/Data Fields/SignalChi2VariabilityNight
  volume:=:162641
  _FillValue:=:
  units:=:NA
  long_name:=:Signal Chi2 Variability Night
variable:=:/HDFEOS/GRIDS/MOP03/Data Fields/SolarZenithAngleDay
  volume:=:151325
  _FillValue:=:
  units:=:deg
  long_name:=:Solar Zenith Angle Day
variable:=:/HDFEOS/GRIDS/MOP03/Data Fields/SolarZenithAngleNight
  volume:=:145098
  _FillValue:=:
  units:=:deg
  long_name:=:Solar Zenith Angle Night
variable:=:/HDFEOS/GRIDS/MOP03/Data Fields/SurfaceIndexDay
  volume:=:18416
  _FillValue:=:
  units:=:NA
  long_name:=:Surface Index Day
variable:=:/HDFEOS/GRIDS/MOP03/Data Fields/SurfaceIndexNight
  volume:=:18532
  _FillValue:=:
  units:=:NA
  long_name:=:Surface Index Night
variable:=:/HDFEOS/GRIDS/MOP03/Data Fields/SurfacePressureDay
  volume:=:140584
  _FillValue:=:
  units:=:hPa
  long_name:=:Surface Pressure Day
variable:=:/HDFEOS/GRIDS/MOP03/Data Fields/SurfacePressureNight
  volume:=:139278
  _FillValue:=:
  units:=:hPa
  long_name:=:Surface Pressure Night
variable:=:/HDFEOS INFORMATION/StructMetadata.0
  volume:=:32000
variable:=:/HDFEOS INFORMATION/coremetadata.0
  volume:=:65535
