variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/CloudFractionAndPressure/Data Fields/ChiSquaredOfFit
  volume:=:410703
  _FillValue:=:
  MissingValue:=:
  ScaleFactor:=:
  Offset:=:
  Title:=:Chi-squared diagnostics of DOAS fit
  Units:=:NoUnits
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:OMI-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/CloudFractionAndPressure/Data Fields/CloudFraction
  volume:=:326274
  _FillValue:=:
  MissingValue:=:
  ScaleFactor:=:
  Offset:=:
  Title:=:Effective cloud fraction clipped between 0.0 and 1.0
  Units:=:NoUnits
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:OMI-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/CloudFractionAndPressure/Data Fields/CloudFractionNotClipped
  volume:=:369097
  _FillValue:=:
  MissingValue:=:
  ScaleFactor:=:
  Offset:=:
  Title:=:Effective cloud fraction.
  Units:=:NoUnits
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:OMI-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/CloudFractionAndPressure/Data Fields/CloudFractionPrecision
  volume:=:359788
  _FillValue:=:
  MissingValue:=:
  ScaleFactor:=:
  Offset:=:
  Title:=:Precision of the effective cloud fraction
  Units:=:NoUnits
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:OMI-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/CloudFractionAndPressure/Data Fields/CloudPressure
  volume:=:173839
  _FillValue:=:
  MissingValue:=:
  ScaleFactor:=:
  Offset:=:
  Title:=:Effective cloud pressure clipped to the surface pressure
  Units:=:hPa
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:OMI-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/CloudFractionAndPressure/Data Fields/CloudPressureNotClipped
  volume:=:184853
  _FillValue:=:
  MissingValue:=:
  ScaleFactor:=:
  Offset:=:
  Title:=:Effective cloud pressure, can be higher than the surface pressure
  Units:=:hPa
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:OMI-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/CloudFractionAndPressure/Data Fields/CloudPressurePrecision
  volume:=:119569
  _FillValue:=:
  MissingValue:=:
  ScaleFactor:=:
  Offset:=:
  Title:=:Precision of the effective cloud pressure
  Units:=:hPa
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:OMI-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/CloudFractionAndPressure/Data Fields/ContinuumAtReferenceWavelength
  volume:=:410689
  _FillValue:=:
  MissingValue:=:
  ScaleFactor:=:
  Offset:=:
  Title:=:Continuum reflectance at reference wavelength
  Units:=:NoUnits
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:OMI-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/CloudFractionAndPressure/Data Fields/ContinuumAtReferenceWavelengthPrecision
  volume:=:410633
  _FillValue:=:
  MissingValue:=:
  ScaleFactor:=:
  Offset:=:
  Title:=:Precision of the continuum reflectance at reference wavelength
  Units:=:NoUnits
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:OMI-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/CloudFractionAndPressure/Data Fields/InstrumentConfigurationId
  volume:=:14796
  _FillValue:=:
  MissingValue:=:
  ScaleFactor:=:
  Offset:=:
  Title:=:Unique ID for instrument settings for current measurement
  Units:=:NoUnits
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:OMI-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/CloudFractionAndPressure/Data Fields/MeanSunNormalizedRadiance
  volume:=:410577
  _FillValue:=:
  MissingValue:=:
  ScaleFactor:=:
  Offset:=:
  Title:=:Mean Sun Normalized Radiance over the DOAS Fit Window
  Units:=:NoUnits
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:OMI-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/CloudFractionAndPressure/Data Fields/MeasurementQualityFlags
  volume:=:14796
  _FillValue:=:
  MissingValue:=:
  ScaleFactor:=:
  Offset:=:
  Title:=:Bit level quality flags at measurement level
  Units:=:NoUnits
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:OMI-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/CloudFractionAndPressure/Data Fields/NumberOfSmallPixelColumnsUV
  volume:=:14796
  _FillValue:=:
  MissingValue:=:
  ScaleFactor:=:
  Offset:=:
  Title:=:Number of small pixels for current measurement of the UV channel
  Units:=:NoUnits
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:OMI-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/CloudFractionAndPressure/Data Fields/NumberOfSmallPixelColumnsVIS
  volume:=:14796
  _FillValue:=:
  MissingValue:=:
  ScaleFactor:=:
  Offset:=:
  Title:=:Number of small pixels for current measurement of the VIS channel
  Units:=:NoUnits
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:OMI-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/CloudFractionAndPressure/Data Fields/ProcessingQualityFlags
  volume:=:57694
  _FillValue:=:
  MissingValue:=:
  ScaleFactor:=:
  Offset:=:
  Title:=:Bit level quality flags at ground pixel level
  Units:=:NoUnits
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:OMI-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/CloudFractionAndPressure/Data Fields/RingCoefficient
  volume:=:410840
  _FillValue:=:
  MissingValue:=:
  ScaleFactor:=:
  Offset:=:
  Title:=:Fitted ring coefficient
  Units:=:molecule cm^-2
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:OMI-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/CloudFractionAndPressure/Data Fields/RingCoefficientPrecision
  volume:=:410724
  _FillValue:=:
  MissingValue:=:
  ScaleFactor:=:
  Offset:=:
  Title:=:Precision of the fitted ring coefficient
  Units:=:molecule cm^-2
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:OMI-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/CloudFractionAndPressure/Data Fields/RootMeanSquareErrorOfFit
  volume:=:410501
  _FillValue:=:
  MissingValue:=:
  ScaleFactor:=:
  Offset:=:
  Title:=:Root-mean-square error of DOAS fit
  Units:=:NoUnits
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:OMI-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/CloudFractionAndPressure/Data Fields/SlantColumnAmountNO2
  volume:=:410856
  _FillValue:=:
  MissingValue:=:
  ScaleFactor:=:
  Offset:=:
  Title:=:NO2 slant column density
  Units:=:molec/cm^2
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:OMI-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/CloudFractionAndPressure/Data Fields/SlantColumnAmountNO2Precision
  volume:=:410590
  _FillValue:=:
  MissingValue:=:
  ScaleFactor:=:
  Offset:=:
  Title:=:Precision of the NO2 slant column density
  Units:=:molec/cm^2
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:OMI-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/CloudFractionAndPressure/Data Fields/SlantColumnAmountO2O2
  volume:=:410791
  _FillValue:=:
  MissingValue:=:
  ScaleFactor:=:
  Offset:=:
  Title:=:O2-O2 slant column density
  Units:=:molecule^2 cm^-5
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:OMI-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/CloudFractionAndPressure/Data Fields/SlantColumnAmountO2O2Precision
  volume:=:410718
  _FillValue:=:
  MissingValue:=:
  ScaleFactor:=:
  Offset:=:
  Title:=:Precision of the O2-O2 slant column density
  Units:=:molecule^2 cm^-5
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:OMI-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/CloudFractionAndPressure/Data Fields/SlantColumnAmountO3
  volume:=:410839
  _FillValue:=:
  MissingValue:=:
  ScaleFactor:=:
  Offset:=:
  Title:=:Ozone slant column density
  Units:=:DU
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:OMI-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/CloudFractionAndPressure/Data Fields/SlantColumnAmountO3Precision
  volume:=:410667
  _FillValue:=:
  MissingValue:=:
  ScaleFactor:=:
  Offset:=:
  Title:=:Precision of the ozone slant column density
  Units:=:DU
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:OMI-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/CloudFractionAndPressure/Data Fields/SmallPixelMeanUV
  volume:=:410413
  _FillValue:=:
  MissingValue:=:
  ScaleFactor:=:
  Offset:=:
  Title:=:Mean radiance of the small pixels for wich the variance was computed.
  Units:=:NoUnits
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:OMI-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/CloudFractionAndPressure/Data Fields/SmallPixelMeanVIS
  volume:=:409078
  _FillValue:=:
  MissingValue:=:
  ScaleFactor:=:
  Offset:=:
  Title:=:Mean radiance of the small pixels for wich the variance was computed.
  Units:=:NoUnits
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:OMI-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/CloudFractionAndPressure/Data Fields/SmallPixelRadianceUV
  volume:=:1628486
  _FillValue:=:
  MissingValue:=:
  ScaleFactor:=:
  Offset:=:
  Title:=:Radiance of small pixel data column of the UV channel
  Units:=:photons/(s.nm.cm^2.sr)
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:OMI-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/CloudFractionAndPressure/Data Fields/SmallPixelRadianceVIS
  volume:=:1627733
  _FillValue:=:
  MissingValue:=:
  ScaleFactor:=:
  Offset:=:
  Title:=:Radiance of small pixel data column of the VIS channel
  Units:=:photons/(s.nm.cm^2.sr)
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:OMI-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/CloudFractionAndPressure/Data Fields/SmallPixelVarianceUV
  volume:=:409942
  _FillValue:=:
  MissingValue:=:
  ScaleFactor:=:
  Offset:=:
  Title:=:Relative variance of the radiance of the small pixel data of the UV channel
  Units:=:NoUnits
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:OMI-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/CloudFractionAndPressure/Data Fields/SmallPixelVarianceVIS
  volume:=:407084
  _FillValue:=:
  MissingValue:=:
  ScaleFactor:=:
  Offset:=:
  Title:=:Relative variance of the radiance of the small pixel data of the VIS channel
  Units:=:NoUnits
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:OMI-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/CloudFractionAndPressure/Data Fields/SmallPixelWavelengthUV
  volume:=:782532
  _FillValue:=:
  MissingValue:=:
  ScaleFactor:=:
  Offset:=:
  Title:=:Wavelength of small pixel column of the UV channel
  Units:=:nm
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:OMI-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/CloudFractionAndPressure/Data Fields/SmallPixelWavelengthVIS
  volume:=:587888
  _FillValue:=:
  MissingValue:=:
  ScaleFactor:=:
  Offset:=:
  Title:=:Wavelength of small pixel column of the VIS channel
  Units:=:nm
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:OMI-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/CloudFractionAndPressure/Data Fields/SnowIceExtent
  volume:=:33202
  _FillValue:=:
  MissingValue:=:
  ScaleFactor:=:
  Offset:=:
  Title:=:Snow Ice extent information. Uses the NISE convention.
  Units:=:NoUnits
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:OMI-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/CloudFractionAndPressure/Data Fields/TerrainPressure
  volume:=:49412
  _FillValue:=:
  MissingValue:=:
  ScaleFactor:=:
  Offset:=:
  Title:=:Pressure of the center of the ground pixel
  Units:=:hPa
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:OMI-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/CloudFractionAndPressure/Data Fields/TerrainReflectivity
  volume:=:51863
  _FillValue:=:
  MissingValue:=:
  ScaleFactor:=:
  Offset:=:
  Title:=:Reflectivity of the ground pixel
  Units:=:NoUnits
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:OMI-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/CloudFractionAndPressure/Data Fields/WavelengthRegistrationCheck
  volume:=:369814
  _FillValue:=:
  MissingValue:=:
  ScaleFactor:=:
  Offset:=:
  Title:=:Wavelength registration check of the L1B wavelength assignment based on the position of Fraunhofer absorption lines. This registration check can be applied as a correction, depending on an OPF parameter. See OPF_wavelengthRegistrationShiftRadianceGrid in the file attributes.
  Units:=:nm
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:OMI-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/CloudFractionAndPressure/Data Fields/WavelengthRegistrationCheckStd
  volume:=:369090
  _FillValue:=:
  MissingValue:=:
  ScaleFactor:=:
  Offset:=:
  Title:=:Precision of the wavelength registration
  Units:=:nm
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:OMI-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/CloudFractionAndPressure/Data Fields/XTrackQualityFlags
  volume:=:19728
  _FillValue:=:
  MissingValue:=:
  ScaleFactor:=:
  Offset:=:
  Title:=:Across Track Quality Flags
  Units:=:NoUnits
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:OMI-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/CloudFractionAndPressure/Geolocation Fields/GroundPixelQualityFlags
  volume:=:56476
  _FillValue:=:
  MissingValue:=:
  ScaleFactor:=:
  Offset:=:
  Title:=:Ground Pixel Quality Flags
  Units:=:NoUnits
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:OMI-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/CloudFractionAndPressure/Geolocation Fields/Latitude
  volume:=:407268
  _FillValue:=:
  MissingValue:=:
  ScaleFactor:=:
  Offset:=:
  Title:=:Latitude of the center of the groundpixel
  Units:=:deg
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:Aura-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/CloudFractionAndPressure/Geolocation Fields/Longitude
  volume:=:411318
  _FillValue:=:
  MissingValue:=:
  ScaleFactor:=:
  Offset:=:
  Title:=:Longitude of the center of the groundpixel
  Units:=:deg
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:Aura-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/CloudFractionAndPressure/Geolocation Fields/OrbitPhase
  volume:=:19728
  _FillValue:=:
  MissingValue:=:
  ScaleFactor:=:
  Offset:=:
  Title:=:The place of OMI in orbit
  Units:=:NoUnits
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:OMI-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/CloudFractionAndPressure/Geolocation Fields/SolarAzimuthAngle
  volume:=:400202
  _FillValue:=:
  MissingValue:=:
  ScaleFactor:=:
  Offset:=:
  Title:=:Solar azimuth angle at WGS84 ellipsoid for center co-ordinate of the ground pixel, defined East-of-North
  Units:=:deg
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:OMI-TES-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/CloudFractionAndPressure/Geolocation Fields/SolarZenithAngle
  volume:=:411083
  _FillValue:=:
  MissingValue:=:
  ScaleFactor:=:
  Offset:=:
  Title:=:Solar zenith angle at WGS84 ellipsoid for center co-ordinate of the ground pixel
  Units:=:deg
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:Aura-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/CloudFractionAndPressure/Geolocation Fields/SpacecraftAltitude
  volume:=:19728
  _FillValue:=:
  MissingValue:=:
  ScaleFactor:=:
  Offset:=:
  Title:=:Altitude above WGS84 ellipsoid
  Units:=:m
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-OMI-TES-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/CloudFractionAndPressure/Geolocation Fields/SpacecraftLatitude
  volume:=:19728
  _FillValue:=:
  MissingValue:=:
  ScaleFactor:=:
  Offset:=:
  Title:=:Geodetic Latitude above WGS84 ellipsoid
  Units:=:deg
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-OMI-TES-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/CloudFractionAndPressure/Geolocation Fields/SpacecraftLongitude
  volume:=:19728
  _FillValue:=:
  MissingValue:=:
  ScaleFactor:=:
  Offset:=:
  Title:=:Geodetic Longitude above WGS84 ellipsoid
  Units:=:deg
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-OMI-TES-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/CloudFractionAndPressure/Geolocation Fields/TerrainHeight
  volume:=:50688
  _FillValue:=:
  MissingValue:=:
  ScaleFactor:=:
  Offset:=:
  Title:=:Terrain height at for center co-ordinate of the ground pixel
  Units:=:m
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:OMI-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/CloudFractionAndPressure/Geolocation Fields/Time
  volume:=:26304
  _FillValue:=:
  MissingValue:=:
  ScaleFactor:=:
  Offset:=:
  Title:=:Time at Start of Scan (s, TAI93)
  Units:=:s
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:Aura-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/CloudFractionAndPressure/Geolocation Fields/ViewingAzimuthAngle
  volume:=:411453
  _FillValue:=:
  MissingValue:=:
  ScaleFactor:=:
  Offset:=:
  Title:=:Viewing azimuth angle at WGS84 ellipsoid for center co-ordinate of the ground pixel, defined East-of-North
  Units:=:deg
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:OMI-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/CloudFractionAndPressure/Geolocation Fields/ViewingZenithAngle
  volume:=:412644
  _FillValue:=:
  MissingValue:=:
  ScaleFactor:=:
  Offset:=:
  Title:=:Viewing zenith angle at WGS84 ellipsoid for center co-ordinate of the ground pixel
  Units:=:deg
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:OMI-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS INFORMATION/ArchiveMetadata.0
  volume:=:65535
variable:=:/HDFEOS INFORMATION/CoreMetadata.0
  volume:=:65535
variable:=:/HDFEOS INFORMATION/StructMetadata.0
  volume:=:32000
