variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/ColumnAmountNO2/Data Fields/AlgorithmFlags
  volume:=:1638
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:Algorithm flags                                                                                                         
  Units:=:NoUnits                                                                                                                 
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:OMI-Specific
  ScaleFactor:=:
  Offset:=:
  MissingValue:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/ColumnAmountNO2/Data Fields/AmfQualityFlags
  volume:=:5279
  _FillValue:=:
  ScaleFactor:=:
  Offset:=:
  Title:=:Bit level AMF quality flags at ground pixel level
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:OMI-Specific
  MissingValue:=:
  Units:=:NoUnits
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/ColumnAmountNO2/Data Fields/AmfStrat
  volume:=:293193
  _FillValue:=:
  MissingValue:=:
  ScaleFactor:=:
  Offset:=:
  Title:=:Stratospheric air mass factor                                                  
  Units:=:NoUnits
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:OMI-Specific                                                                                                            
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/ColumnAmountNO2/Data Fields/AmfStratClear
  volume:=:293078
  _FillValue:=:
  MissingValue:=:
  ScaleFactor:=:
  Offset:=:
  Title:=:Stratospheric air mass factor for clear sky condition                          
  Units:=:NoUnits
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:OMI-Specific                                                                                                            
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/ColumnAmountNO2/Data Fields/AmfStratCloudy
  volume:=:293078
  _FillValue:=:
  MissingValue:=:
  ScaleFactor:=:
  Offset:=:
  Title:=:Stratospheric air mass factor for cloudy condition                             
  Units:=:NoUnits
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:OMI-Specific                                                                                                            
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/ColumnAmountNO2/Data Fields/AmfStratStd
  volume:=:293235
  _FillValue:=:
  MissingValue:=:
  ScaleFactor:=:
  Offset:=:
  Title:=:Precision of stratospheric air mass factor                                     
  Units:=:NoUnits
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:OMI-Specific                                                                                                            
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/ColumnAmountNO2/Data Fields/AmfTrop
  volume:=:302664
  _FillValue:=:
  MissingValue:=:
  ScaleFactor:=:
  Offset:=:
  Title:=:Tropospheric air mass factor                                                   
  Units:=:NoUnits
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:OMI-Specific                                                                                                            
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/ColumnAmountNO2/Data Fields/AmfTropClear
  volume:=:297499
  _FillValue:=:
  ScaleFactor:=:
  Offset:=:
  Title:=:Tropospheric air mass factor for clear sky condition                           
  Units:=:NoUnits
  MissingValue:=:
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:OMI-Specific                                                                                                            
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/ColumnAmountNO2/Data Fields/AmfTropCloudy
  volume:=:303384
  _FillValue:=:
  MissingValue:=:
  ScaleFactor:=:
  Units:=:NoUnits
  Offset:=:
  Title:=:Tropospheric air mass factor for cloudy condition                              
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:OMI-Specific                                                                                                            
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/ColumnAmountNO2/Data Fields/AmfTropStd
  volume:=:307474
  _FillValue:=:
  MissingValue:=:
  ScaleFactor:=:
  Offset:=:
  Title:=:Precision of tropospheric air mass factor                                      
  Units:=:NoUnits
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:OMI-Specific                                                                                                            
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/ColumnAmountNO2/Data Fields/ChiSquaredOfFit
  volume:=:307750
  _FillValue:=:
  MissingValue:=:
  ScaleFactor:=:
  Offset:=:
  Title:=:Chi-squared diagnostics of DOAS fit
  Units:=:NoUnits
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:OMI-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/ColumnAmountNO2/Data Fields/CloudFraction
  volume:=:114955
  _FillValue:=:
  MissingValue:=:
  ScaleFactor:=:
  Offset:=:
  Title:=:Effective cloud fraction
  Units:=:NoUnits
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:OMI-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/ColumnAmountNO2/Data Fields/CloudFractionStd
  volume:=:17506
  _FillValue:=:
  ScaleFactor:=:
  Offset:=:
  MissingValue:=:
  Title:=:Effective cloud fraction precision
  Units:=:NoUnits
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:OMI-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/ColumnAmountNO2/Data Fields/CloudPressure
  volume:=:115610
  _FillValue:=:
  MissingValue:=:
  ScaleFactor:=:
  Offset:=:
  Title:=:Effective cloud pressure
  Units:=:hPa
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:OMI-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/ColumnAmountNO2/Data Fields/CloudPressureStd
  volume:=:65748
  _FillValue:=:
  MissingValue:=:
  ScaleFactor:=:
  Offset:=:
  Title:=:Effective cloud pressure precision
  Units:=:hPa
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:OMI-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/ColumnAmountNO2/Data Fields/CloudRadianceFraction
  volume:=:115948
  _FillValue:=:
  MissingValue:=:
  ScaleFactor:=:
  Offset:=:
  Title:=:Fraction of the radiance from the cloudy part
  Units:=:NoUnits
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:OMI-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/ColumnAmountNO2/Data Fields/ColumnAmountNO2
  volume:=:297229
  _FillValue:=:
  MissingValue:=:
  ScaleFactor:=:
  Offset:=:
  Title:=:NO2 vertical column density
  Units:=:molec/cm^2
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:OMI-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/ColumnAmountNO2/Data Fields/ColumnAmountNO2Std
  volume:=:304960
  _FillValue:=:
  Offset:=:
  Title:=:Precision of the NO2 vertical column density
  Units:=:molec/cm^2
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:OMI-Specific
  MissingValue:=:
  ScaleFactor:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/ColumnAmountNO2/Data Fields/ColumnAmountNO2Strat
  volume:=:322135
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:NO2 stratospheric column density                                                                                        
  Units:=:molec/cm^2                                                                                                              
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:OMI-Specific                                                                                                            
  ScaleFactor:=:
  Offset:=:
  MissingValue:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/ColumnAmountNO2/Data Fields/ColumnAmountNO2StratStd
  volume:=:1118
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:Precision of the NO2 stratospheric column                                                                               
  Units:=:molec/cm^2                                                                                                              
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:OMI-Specific                                                                                                            
  ScaleFactor:=:
  Offset:=:
  MissingValue:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/ColumnAmountNO2/Data Fields/ColumnAmountNO2Trop
  volume:=:323674
  _FillValue:=:
  MissingValue:=:
  ScaleFactor:=:
  Offset:=:
  Title:=:NO2 tropospheric column density
  Units:=:molec/cm^2
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:OMI-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/ColumnAmountNO2/Data Fields/ColumnAmountNO2TropStd
  volume:=:303083
  _FillValue:=:
  ScaleFactor:=:
  Offset:=:
  Title:=:Precision of the NO2 tropospheric column density
  Units:=:molec/cm^2
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:OMI-Specific
  MissingValue:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/ColumnAmountNO2/Data Fields/FitQualityFlags
  volume:=:9090
  _FillValue:=:
  MissingValue:=:
  Offset:=:
  ScaleFactor:=:
  Title:=:Bit level DOAS fit quality flags at ground pixel level
  Units:=:NoUnits
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:OMI-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/ColumnAmountNO2/Data Fields/InstrumentConfigurationId
  volume:=:31
  _FillValue:=:
  MissingValue:=:
  ScaleFactor:=:
  Offset:=:
  Title:=:Unique ID for instrument settings for current measurement
  Units:=:NoUnits
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:OMI-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/ColumnAmountNO2/Data Fields/MeasurementQualityFlags
  volume:=:21
  _FillValue:=:
  MissingValue:=:
  ScaleFactor:=:
  Offset:=:
  Title:=:Bit level quality flags at measurement level
  Units:=:NoUnits
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:OMI-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/ColumnAmountNO2/Data Fields/PolynomialCoefficients
  volume:=:1968449
  _FillValue:=:
  MissingValue:=:
  ScaleFactor:=:
  Offset:=:
  Title:=:Polynomial Coefficients
  Units:=:NoUnits
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:OMI-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/ColumnAmountNO2/Data Fields/PolynomialCoefficientsStd
  volume:=:1914885
  _FillValue:=:
  MissingValue:=:
  ScaleFactor:=:
  Offset:=:
  Title:=:Precision of the Polynomial Coefficients
  Units:=:NoUnits
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:OMI-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/ColumnAmountNO2/Data Fields/RingCoefficient
  volume:=:306555
  _FillValue:=:
  MissingValue:=:
  ScaleFactor:=:
  Offset:=:
  Title:=:Fitted amount of Ring effect
  Units:=:NoUnits
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:OMI-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/ColumnAmountNO2/Data Fields/RingCoefficientStd
  volume:=:298425
  _FillValue:=:
  MissingValue:=:
  ScaleFactor:=:
  Offset:=:
  Title:=:Precision of the fitted amount of Ring effect
  Units:=:NoUnits
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:OMI-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/ColumnAmountNO2/Data Fields/RootMeanSquareErrorOfFit
  volume:=:307569
  _FillValue:=:
  MissingValue:=:
  ScaleFactor:=:
  Offset:=:
  Title:=:Root-Mean-Square error of DOAS fit
  Units:=:sr^-1
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:OMI-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/ColumnAmountNO2/Data Fields/ScatteringWeight
  volume:=:10471436
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:Scattering weight vertical profile                                                                                      
  Units:=:NoUnits                                                                                                                 
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:OMI-Specific                                                                                                            
  ScaleFactor:=:
  Offset:=:
  MissingValue:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/ColumnAmountNO2/Data Fields/ScatteringWtPressure
  volume:=:140
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:Scattering weight pressure                                                                                              
  Units:=:hPa                                                                                                                     
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:OMI-Specific                                                                                                            
  ScaleFactor:=:
  Offset:=:
  MissingValue:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/ColumnAmountNO2/Data Fields/SlantColumnAmountH2O
  volume:=:314174
  _FillValue:=:
  MissingValue:=:
  ScaleFactor:=:
  Offset:=:
  Title:=:H2O slant column density
  Units:=:molec/cm^2
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:OMI-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/ColumnAmountNO2/Data Fields/SlantColumnAmountH2OStd
  volume:=:296964
  _FillValue:=:
  MissingValue:=:
  ScaleFactor:=:
  Offset:=:
  Title:=:Precision of the H2O slant column density
  Units:=:molec/cm^2
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:OMI-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/ColumnAmountNO2/Data Fields/SlantColumnAmountNO2
  volume:=:300491
  _FillValue:=:
  MissingValue:=:
  ScaleFactor:=:
  Offset:=:
  Title:=:NO2 slant column density
  Units:=:molec/cm^2
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:OMI-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/ColumnAmountNO2/Data Fields/SlantColumnAmountNO2Destriped
  volume:=:300517
  _FillValue:=:
  Units:=:molec/cm^2                                                                                                              
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:OMI-Specific                                                                                                            
  ScaleFactor:=:
  MissingValue:=:
  Title:=:Destriped slant column amount NO2                                                                                       
  Offset:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/ColumnAmountNO2/Data Fields/SlantColumnAmountNO2Std
  volume:=:296569
  _FillValue:=:
  MissingValue:=:
  ScaleFactor:=:
  Offset:=:
  Title:=:Precision of the NO2 slant column density
  Units:=:molec/cm^2
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:OMI-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/ColumnAmountNO2/Data Fields/SlantColumnAmountO2O2
  volume:=:409
  _FillValue:=:
  MissingValue:=:
  ScaleFactor:=:
  Offset:=:
  Title:=:O2-O2 slant column density
  Units:=:molec/cm^2
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:OMI-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/ColumnAmountNO2/Data Fields/SlantColumnAmountO2O2Std
  volume:=:409
  _FillValue:=:
  MissingValue:=:
  ScaleFactor:=:
  Offset:=:
  Title:=:Precision of the O2-O2 slant column density
  Units:=:molec/cm^2
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:OMI-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/ColumnAmountNO2/Data Fields/SlantColumnAmountO3
  volume:=:307086
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:O3 slant column density
  Units:=:molec/cm^2
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:OMI-Specific
  MissingValue:=:
  ScaleFactor:=:
  Offset:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/ColumnAmountNO2/Data Fields/SlantColumnAmountO3Std
  volume:=:296898
  _FillValue:=:
  MissingValue:=:
  ScaleFactor:=:
  Offset:=:
  Title:=:Precision of the O3 slant column density
  Units:=:molec/cm^2
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:OMI-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/ColumnAmountNO2/Data Fields/SmallPixelRadiance
  volume:=:2312
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:Radiance of small pixel data column
  Units:=:photons/ (s.nm.cm^2.sr)
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:OMI-Specific
  MissingValue:=:
  ScaleFactor:=:
  Offset:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/ColumnAmountNO2/Data Fields/SmallPixelRadiancePointer
  volume:=:2387
  _FillValue:=:
  MissingValue:=:
  ScaleFactor:=:
  Offset:=:
  Title:=:Offset and count of nTimesSmallPixel wrt nTimes
  Units:=:NoUnits
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:OMI-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/ColumnAmountNO2/Data Fields/TerrainHeight
  volume:=:27206
  _FillValue:=:
  ScaleFactor:=:
  Offset:=:
  Title:=:Terrain height at for center co-ordinate of the ground pixel
  Units:=:m
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:OMI-Specific
  MissingValue:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/ColumnAmountNO2/Data Fields/TerrainPressure
  volume:=:20640
  _FillValue:=:
  MissingValue:=:
  ScaleFactor:=:
  Offset:=:
  Title:=:Pressure of the center of the ground pixel
  Units:=:hPa
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:OMI-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/ColumnAmountNO2/Data Fields/TerrainReflectivity
  volume:=:43813
  _FillValue:=:
  MissingValue:=:
  ScaleFactor:=:
  Offset:=:
  Title:=:Reflectivity of the ground pixel
  Units:=:NoUnits
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:OMI-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/ColumnAmountNO2/Data Fields/TropopausePressure
  volume:=:22701
  _FillValue:=:
  MissingValue:=:
  ScaleFactor:=:
  Offset:=:
  Title:=:Tropopause pressure                                                            
  Units:=:hPa
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:OMI-Specific                                                                                                            
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/ColumnAmountNO2/Data Fields/VcdQualityFlags
  volume:=:712
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:Vertical column density quality flags                                                                                   
  Units:=:NoUnits                                                                                                                 
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:OMI-Specific                                                                                                            
  ScaleFactor:=:
  Offset:=:
  MissingValue:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/ColumnAmountNO2/Data Fields/WavelengthRegistrationCheck
  volume:=:319920
  _FillValue:=:
  MissingValue:=:
  ScaleFactor:=:
  Offset:=:
  Title:=:Correction applied to the L1B wavelength assignment based on the position of Fraunhofer absorption lines
  Units:=:nm
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:OMI-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/ColumnAmountNO2/Data Fields/WavelengthRegistrationCheckStd
  volume:=:298418
  _FillValue:=:
  MissingValue:=:
  ScaleFactor:=:
  Offset:=:
  Title:=:Precision of the correction which was applied to the L1B wavelength assignment
  Units:=:nm
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:OMI-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/ColumnAmountNO2/Data Fields/XTrackQualityFlags
  volume:=:118
  _FillValue:=:
  MissingValue:=:
  ScaleFactor:=:
  Offset:=:
  Title:=:Across Track Quality Flags
  Units:=:NoUnits
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:OMI-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/ColumnAmountNO2/Geolocation Fields/FoV75CornerLatitude
  volume:=:817488
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:Latitudes of corners of the groundpixel                                                                                 
  Units:=:deg                                                                                                                     
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:OMI-Specific                                                                                                            
  ScaleFactor:=:
  Offset:=:
  MissingValue:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/ColumnAmountNO2/Geolocation Fields/FoV75CornerLongitude
  volume:=:784243
  _FillValue:=:
  Title:=:Longitudes of corners of the groundpixel                                                                                
  Units:=:deg                                                                                                                     
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:OMI-Specific                                                                                                            
  ScaleFactor:=:
  Offset:=:
  MissingValue:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/ColumnAmountNO2/Geolocation Fields/GroundPixelQualityFlags
  volume:=:19254
  _FillValue:=:
  MissingValue:=:
  ScaleFactor:=:
  Offset:=:
  Title:=:Ground Pixel Quality Flags
  Units:=:NoUnits
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:OMI-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/ColumnAmountNO2/Geolocation Fields/Latitude
  volume:=:326983
  _FillValue:=:
  MissingValue:=:
  ScaleFactor:=:
  Offset:=:
  Title:=:Latitude of the center of the groundpixel
  Units:=:deg
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:Aura-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/ColumnAmountNO2/Geolocation Fields/Longitude
  volume:=:329060
  _FillValue:=:
  MissingValue:=:
  ScaleFactor:=:
  Offset:=:
  Title:=:Longitude of the center of the groundpixel
  Units:=:deg
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:Aura-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/ColumnAmountNO2/Geolocation Fields/OrbitPhase
  volume:=:33
  Units:=:NoUnits
  _FillValue:=:
  MissingValue:=:
  ScaleFactor:=:
  Offset:=:
  Title:=:The place of OMI in orbit
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:OMI-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/ColumnAmountNO2/Geolocation Fields/SolarAzimuthAngle
  volume:=:322944
  _FillValue:=:
  Offset:=:
  Title:=:Solar azimuth angle at WGS84 ellipsoid for center co-ordinate of the ground pixel, defined East-of-North
  Units:=:deg
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:OMI-TES-Shared
  MissingValue:=:
  ScaleFactor:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/ColumnAmountNO2/Geolocation Fields/SolarZenithAngle
  volume:=:327667
  _FillValue:=:
  MissingValue:=:
  ScaleFactor:=:
  Units:=:deg
  Offset:=:
  Title:=:Solar zenith angle at WGS84 ellipsoid for center co-ordinate of the ground pixel
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:Aura-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/ColumnAmountNO2/Geolocation Fields/SpacecraftAltitude
  volume:=:4703
  Units:=:m
  _FillValue:=:
  MissingValue:=:
  ScaleFactor:=:
  Offset:=:
  Title:=:Altitude above WGS84 ellipsoid
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-OMI-TES-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/ColumnAmountNO2/Geolocation Fields/SpacecraftLatitude
  volume:=:6034
  Units:=:deg
  _FillValue:=:
  MissingValue:=:
  ScaleFactor:=:
  Offset:=:
  Title:=:Geodetic Latitude above WGS84 ellipsoid
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-OMI-TES-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/ColumnAmountNO2/Geolocation Fields/SpacecraftLongitude
  volume:=:5808
  Units:=:deg
  _FillValue:=:
  ScaleFactor:=:
  Offset:=:
  Title:=:Geodetic Longitude above WGS84 ellipsoid
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-OMI-TES-Shared
  MissingValue:=:
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/ColumnAmountNO2/Geolocation Fields/Time
  volume:=:7234
  _FillValue:=:
  MissingValue:=:
  ScaleFactor:=:
  Offset:=:
  Title:=:Time at Start of Scan (s, TAI93)
  Units:=:s
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:Aura-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/ColumnAmountNO2/Geolocation Fields/ViewingAzimuthAngle
  volume:=:336897
  _FillValue:=:
  MissingValue:=:
  ScaleFactor:=:
  Offset:=:
  Title:=:Viewing azimuth angle at WGS84 ellipsoid for center co-ordinate of the ground pixel, defined East-of-North
  Units:=:deg
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:OMI-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/ColumnAmountNO2/Geolocation Fields/ViewingZenithAngle
  volume:=:262135
  _FillValue:=:
  Units:=:deg
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:OMI-Specific
  MissingValue:=:
  ScaleFactor:=:
  Offset:=:
  Title:=:Viewing zenith angle at WGS84 ellipsoid for center co-ordinate of the ground pixel
variable:=:/HDFEOS INFORMATION/ArchivedMetadata.0
  volume:=:65535
variable:=:/HDFEOS INFORMATION/CoreMetadata.0
  volume:=:65535
variable:=:/HDFEOS INFORMATION/StructMetadata.0
  volume:=:32000
