variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/ColumnAmountO3 (60x557x4)/Data Fields/AirMassFactor
  volume:=:360807
  _FillValue:=:
  MissingValue:=:
  ScaleFactor:=:
  Offset:=:
  Title:=:Air Mass Factor
  Units:=:NoUnits
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:OMI-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/ColumnAmountO3 (60x557x4)/Data Fields/ChiSquaredOfFit
  volume:=:368576
  _FillValue:=:
  MissingValue:=:
  ScaleFactor:=:
  Offset:=:
  Title:=:Chi-squared diagnostics of DOAS fit
  Units:=:NoUnits
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:OMI-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/ColumnAmountO3 (60x557x4)/Data Fields/ClearAirMassFactor
  volume:=:359522
  _FillValue:=:
  MissingValue:=:
  ScaleFactor:=:
  Offset:=:
  Title:=:Air Mass Factor for cloud-free pixel
  Units:=:NoUnits
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:OMI-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/ColumnAmountO3 (60x557x4)/Data Fields/CloudFraction
  volume:=:79947
  _FillValue:=:
  MissingValue:=:
  ScaleFactor:=:
  Offset:=:
  Title:=:Effective cloud fraction
  Units:=:NoUnits
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:OMI-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/ColumnAmountO3 (60x557x4)/Data Fields/CloudFractionPrecision
  volume:=:22212
  _FillValue:=:
  MissingValue:=:
  ScaleFactor:=:
  Offset:=:
  Title:=:Effective cloud fraction precision
  Units:=:NoUnits
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:OMI-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/ColumnAmountO3 (60x557x4)/Data Fields/CloudPressure
  volume:=:173965
  _FillValue:=:
  MissingValue:=:
  ScaleFactor:=:
  Offset:=:
  Title:=:Effective cloud pressure
  Units:=:hPa
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:OMI-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/ColumnAmountO3 (60x557x4)/Data Fields/CloudPressurePrecision
  volume:=:123104
  _FillValue:=:
  MissingValue:=:
  ScaleFactor:=:
  Offset:=:
  Title:=:Effective cloud pressure precision
  Units:=:hPa
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:OMI-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/ColumnAmountO3 (60x557x4)/Data Fields/CloudRadianceFraction
  volume:=:81704
  _FillValue:=:
  MissingValue:=:
  ScaleFactor:=:
  Offset:=:
  Title:=:Fraction of the radiance that comes from the cloudy part
  Units:=:NoUnits
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:OMI-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/ColumnAmountO3 (60x557x4)/Data Fields/CloudyAirMassFactor
  volume:=:359191
  _FillValue:=:
  MissingValue:=:
  ScaleFactor:=:
  Offset:=:
  Title:=:Air Mass Factor for cloud covered pixel
  Units:=:NoUnits
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:OMI-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/ColumnAmountO3 (60x557x4)/Data Fields/ColumnAmountO3
  volume:=:360723
  _FillValue:=:
  MissingValue:=:
  ScaleFactor:=:
  Offset:=:
  Title:=:Ozone vertical column density
  Units:=:DU
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:OMI-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/ColumnAmountO3 (60x557x4)/Data Fields/ColumnAmountO3Precision
  volume:=:368590
  _FillValue:=:
  MissingValue:=:
  ScaleFactor:=:
  Offset:=:
  Title:=:Precision of the ozone vertical column density
  Units:=:DU
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:OMI-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/ColumnAmountO3 (60x557x4)/Data Fields/EffectiveTemperature
  volume:=:368707
  _FillValue:=:
  MissingValue:=:
  ScaleFactor:=:
  Offset:=:
  Title:=:Fitted Effective temperature of the ozone
  Units:=:degree Celsius
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:OMI-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/ColumnAmountO3 (60x557x4)/Data Fields/EffectiveTemperaturePrecision
  volume:=:368489
  _FillValue:=:
  MissingValue:=:
  ScaleFactor:=:
  Offset:=:
  Title:=:Precision of the Fitted Effective temperature of the ozone
  Units:=:degree Celsius
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:OMI-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/ColumnAmountO3 (60x557x4)/Data Fields/GhostColumnAmountO3
  volume:=:342525
  _FillValue:=:
  MissingValue:=:
  ScaleFactor:=:
  Offset:=:
  Title:=:Ozone ghost column density
  Units:=:DU
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:OMI-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/ColumnAmountO3 (60x557x4)/Data Fields/InstrumentConfigurationId
  volume:=:14796
  _FillValue:=:
  MissingValue:=:
  ScaleFactor:=:
  Offset:=:
  Title:=:Unique ID for instrument settings for current measurement
  Units:=:NoUnits
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:OMI-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/ColumnAmountO3 (60x557x4)/Data Fields/MeanSunNormalizedRadiance
  volume:=:368471
  _FillValue:=:
  MissingValue:=:
  ScaleFactor:=:
  Offset:=:
  Title:=:Mean Sun Normalized Radiance over the DOAS Fit Window
  Units:=:NoUnits
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:OMI-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/ColumnAmountO3 (60x557x4)/Data Fields/MeasurementQualityFlags
  volume:=:14796
  _FillValue:=:
  MissingValue:=:
  ScaleFactor:=:
  Offset:=:
  Title:=:Bit level quality flags at measurement level
  Units:=:NoUnits
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:OMI-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/ColumnAmountO3 (60x557x4)/Data Fields/NumberOfSmallPixelColumns
  volume:=:14796
  _FillValue:=:
  MissingValue:=:
  ScaleFactor:=:
  Offset:=:
  Title:=:Number of small pixels for current measurement
  Units:=:NoUnits
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:OMI-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/ColumnAmountO3 (60x557x4)/Data Fields/ProcessingQualityFlags
  volume:=:61498
  _FillValue:=:
  MissingValue:=:
  ScaleFactor:=:
  Offset:=:
  Title:=:Bit level quality flags at ground pixel level
  Units:=:NoUnits
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:OMI-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/ColumnAmountO3 (60x557x4)/Data Fields/RingCoefficient
  volume:=:368538
  _FillValue:=:
  MissingValue:=:
  ScaleFactor:=:
  Offset:=:
  Title:=:Fitted ring coefficient
  Units:=:sr
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:OMI-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/ColumnAmountO3 (60x557x4)/Data Fields/RingCoefficientPrecision
  volume:=:368567
  _FillValue:=:
  MissingValue:=:
  ScaleFactor:=:
  Offset:=:
  Title:=:Precision of the fitted ring coefficient
  Units:=:sr
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:OMI-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/ColumnAmountO3 (60x557x4)/Data Fields/RootMeanSquareErrorOfFit
  volume:=:368542
  _FillValue:=:
  MissingValue:=:
  ScaleFactor:=:
  Offset:=:
  Title:=:Root-Mean-Square error of DOAS fit
  Units:=:NoUnits
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:OMI-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/ColumnAmountO3 (60x557x4)/Data Fields/SlantColumnAmountO3
  volume:=:365222
  _FillValue:=:
  MissingValue:=:
  ScaleFactor:=:
  Offset:=:
  Title:=:Ozone slant column density
  Units:=:DU
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:OMI-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/ColumnAmountO3 (60x557x4)/Data Fields/SlantColumnAmountO3Precision
  volume:=:368595
  _FillValue:=:
  MissingValue:=:
  ScaleFactor:=:
  Offset:=:
  Title:=:Precision of the ozone slant column density
  Units:=:DU
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:OMI-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/ColumnAmountO3 (60x557x4)/Data Fields/SmallPixelRadiance
  volume:=:2062983
  _FillValue:=:
  MissingValue:=:
  ScaleFactor:=:
  Offset:=:
  Title:=:Radiance of small pixel data column
  Units:=:photons/ (s.nm.cm^2.sr)
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:OMI-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/ColumnAmountO3 (60x557x4)/Data Fields/SnowIceExtent
  volume:=:24947
  _FillValue:=:
  MissingValue:=:
  ScaleFactor:=:
  Offset:=:
  Title:=:Snow Ice extent information. Uses the NISE convention.
  Units:=:NoUnits
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:OMI-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/ColumnAmountO3 (60x557x4)/Data Fields/TerrainPressure
  volume:=:82504
  _FillValue:=:
  MissingValue:=:
  ScaleFactor:=:
  Offset:=:
  Title:=:Pressure of the center of the ground pixel
  Units:=:hPa
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:OMI-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/ColumnAmountO3 (60x557x4)/Data Fields/TerrainReflectivity
  volume:=:45006
  _FillValue:=:
  MissingValue:=:
  ScaleFactor:=:
  Offset:=:
  Title:=:Reflectivity of the ground pixel
  Units:=:NoUnits
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:OMI-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/ColumnAmountO3 (60x557x4)/Data Fields/WavelengthRegistrationCheck
  volume:=:368790
  _FillValue:=:
  MissingValue:=:
  ScaleFactor:=:
  Offset:=:
  Title:=:Wavelength registration check of the L1B wavelength assignment based on the position of Fraunhofer absorption lines. This registration check can be applied as a correction, depending on an OPF parameter. See OPF_wavelengthRegistrationShiftRadianceGrid in the file attributes.
  Units:=:nm
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:OMI-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/ColumnAmountO3 (60x557x4)/Data Fields/WavelengthRegistrationCheckStd
  volume:=:367724
  _FillValue:=:
  MissingValue:=:
  ScaleFactor:=:
  Offset:=:
  Title:=:Precision of the wavelength registration
  Units:=:nm
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:OMI-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/ColumnAmountO3 (60x557x4)/Data Fields/XTrackQualityFlags
  volume:=:19728
  _FillValue:=:
  MissingValue:=:
  ScaleFactor:=:
  Offset:=:
  Title:=:Across Track Quality Flags
  Units:=:NoUnits
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:OMI-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/ColumnAmountO3 (60x557x4)/Geolocation Fields/GroundPixelQualityFlags
  volume:=:38522
  _FillValue:=:
  MissingValue:=:
  ScaleFactor:=:
  Offset:=:
  Title:=:Ground Pixel Quality Flags
  Units:=:NoUnits
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:OMI-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/ColumnAmountO3 (60x557x4)/Geolocation Fields/Latitude
  volume:=:395083
  _FillValue:=:
  MissingValue:=:
  ScaleFactor:=:
  Offset:=:
  Title:=:Latitude of the center of the groundpixel
  Units:=:deg
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:Aura-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/ColumnAmountO3 (60x557x4)/Geolocation Fields/Longitude
  volume:=:406974
  _FillValue:=:
  MissingValue:=:
  ScaleFactor:=:
  Offset:=:
  Title:=:Longitude of the center of the groundpixel
  Units:=:deg
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:Aura-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/ColumnAmountO3 (60x557x4)/Geolocation Fields/OrbitPhase
  volume:=:19728
  _FillValue:=:
  MissingValue:=:
  ScaleFactor:=:
  Offset:=:
  Title:=:The place of OMI in orbit
  Units:=:NoUnits
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:OMI-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/ColumnAmountO3 (60x557x4)/Geolocation Fields/SolarAzimuthAngle
  volume:=:392937
  _FillValue:=:
  MissingValue:=:
  ScaleFactor:=:
  Offset:=:
  Title:=:Solar azimuth angle at WGS84 ellipsoid for center co-ordinate of the ground pixel, defined East-of-North
  Units:=:deg
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:OMI-TES-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/ColumnAmountO3 (60x557x4)/Geolocation Fields/SolarZenithAngle
  volume:=:401218
  _FillValue:=:
  MissingValue:=:
  ScaleFactor:=:
  Offset:=:
  Title:=:Solar zenith angle at WGS84 ellipsoid for center co-ordinate of the ground pixel
  Units:=:deg
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:Aura-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/ColumnAmountO3 (60x557x4)/Geolocation Fields/SpacecraftAltitude
  volume:=:19728
  _FillValue:=:
  MissingValue:=:
  ScaleFactor:=:
  Offset:=:
  Title:=:Altitude above WGS84 ellipsoid
  Units:=:m
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-OMI-TES-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/ColumnAmountO3 (60x557x4)/Geolocation Fields/SpacecraftLatitude
  volume:=:19728
  _FillValue:=:
  MissingValue:=:
  ScaleFactor:=:
  Offset:=:
  Title:=:Geodetic Latitude above WGS84 ellipsoid
  Units:=:deg
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-OMI-TES-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/ColumnAmountO3 (60x557x4)/Geolocation Fields/SpacecraftLongitude
  volume:=:19728
  _FillValue:=:
  MissingValue:=:
  ScaleFactor:=:
  Offset:=:
  Title:=:Geodetic Longitude above WGS84 ellipsoid
  Units:=:deg
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-OMI-TES-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/ColumnAmountO3 (60x557x4)/Geolocation Fields/TerrainHeight
  volume:=:102693
  _FillValue:=:
  MissingValue:=:
  ScaleFactor:=:
  Offset:=:
  Title:=:Terrain height for center co-ordinate of the ground pixel
  Units:=:m
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:OMI-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/ColumnAmountO3 (60x557x4)/Geolocation Fields/Time
  volume:=:26304
  _FillValue:=:
  MissingValue:=:
  ScaleFactor:=:
  Offset:=:
  Title:=:Time at Start of Scan (s, TAI93)
  Units:=:s
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:Aura-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/ColumnAmountO3 (60x557x4)/Geolocation Fields/ViewingAzimuthAngle
  volume:=:410473
  _FillValue:=:
  MissingValue:=:
  ScaleFactor:=:
  Offset:=:
  Title:=:Viewing azimuth angle at WGS84 ellipsoid for center co-ordinate of the ground pixel, defined East-of-North
  Units:=:deg
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:OMI-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/ColumnAmountO3 (60x557x4)/Geolocation Fields/ViewingZenithAngle
  volume:=:412644
  _FillValue:=:
  MissingValue:=:
  ScaleFactor:=:
  Offset:=:
  Title:=:Viewing zenith angle at WGS84 ellipsoid for center co-ordinate of the ground pixel
  Units:=:deg
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:OMI-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS INFORMATION/ArchiveMetadata.0
  volume:=:65535
variable:=:/HDFEOS INFORMATION/CoreMetadata.0
  volume:=:65535
variable:=:/HDFEOS INFORMATION/StructMetadata.0
  volume:=:32000
