variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/O3Profile/Data Fields/APrioriCovarianceMatrix
  volume:=:492364
  _FillValue:=:
  MissingValue:=:
  ScaleFactor:=:
  Offset:=:
  Title:=:Apriori covariance matrix
  Units:=:NoUnits
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:OMI-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/O3Profile/Data Fields/AerosolOpticalThickness
  volume:=:740
  _FillValue:=:
  MissingValue:=:
  ScaleFactor:=:
  Offset:=:
  Title:=:Total optical thickness aerosol
  Units:=:1/m
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:OMI-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/O3Profile/Data Fields/AveragingKernel
  volume:=:3709119
  _FillValue:=:
  MissingValue:=:
  ScaleFactor:=:
  Offset:=:
  Title:=:Averaging kernel
  Units:=:NoUnits
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:OMI-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/O3Profile/Data Fields/CloudPressure
  volume:=:12483
  _FillValue:=:
  MissingValue:=:
  ScaleFactor:=:
  Offset:=:
  Title:=:Effective cloud pressure
  Units:=:NoUnits
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:OMI-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/O3Profile/Data Fields/ColumnAmountO3
  volume:=:27951
  _FillValue:=:
  MissingValue:=:
  ScaleFactor:=:
  Offset:=:
  Title:=:Total column amount ozone
  Units:=:DU
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:OMI-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/O3Profile/Data Fields/CovarianceMatrix
  volume:=:3385199
  _FillValue:=:
  MissingValue:=:
  ScaleFactor:=:
  Offset:=:
  Title:=:Covariance matrix
  Units:=:NoUnits
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:OMI-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/O3Profile/Data Fields/DegreesOfFreedomForSignal
  volume:=:12969
  _FillValue:=:
  MissingValue:=:
  ScaleFactor:=:
  Offset:=:
  Title:=:Degrees of freedom for signal for ozone
  Units:=:NoUnits
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:OMI-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/O3Profile/Data Fields/EffectiveCloudFractionUV1
  volume:=:5312
  _FillValue:=:
  MissingValue:=:
  ScaleFactor:=:
  Offset:=:
  Title:=:Effective cloud fraction from UV 2 channel
  Units:=:NoUnits
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:OMI-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/O3Profile/Data Fields/EffectiveCloudFractionUV2
  volume:=:9610
  _FillValue:=:
  MissingValue:=:
  ScaleFactor:=:
  Offset:=:
  Title:=:Effective cloud fraction from UV 2 channel
  Units:=:NoUnits
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:OMI-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/O3Profile/Data Fields/InstrumentConfigurationId
  volume:=:360
  _FillValue:=:
  MissingValue:=:
  ScaleFactor:=:
  Offset:=:
  Title:=:Unique ID for instrument settings for current measurement.
  Units:=:NoUnits
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:OMI-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/O3Profile/Data Fields/MeasurementQualityFlags
  volume:=:360
  _FillValue:=:
  MissingValue:=:
  ScaleFactor:=:
  Offset:=:
  Title:=:Measurement quality flags
  Units:=:NoUnits
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:OMI-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/O3Profile/Data Fields/NO2ColumnAmount
  volume:=:740
  _FillValue:=:
  MissingValue:=:
  ScaleFactor:=:
  Offset:=:
  Title:=:Total column amount NO2
  Units:=:molecules/cm2
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:OMI-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/O3Profile/Data Fields/NumberOfIterations
  volume:=:1558
  _FillValue:=:
  MissingValue:=:
  ScaleFactor:=:
  Offset:=:
  Title:=:Number of iterations
  Units:=:NoUnits
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:OMI-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/O3Profile/Data Fields/O3
  volume:=:519052
  _FillValue:=:
  MissingValue:=:
  ScaleFactor:=:
  Offset:=:
  Title:=:Ozone concentration
  Units:=:DU
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:OMI-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/O3Profile/Data Fields/O3Apriori
  volume:=:155771
  _FillValue:=:
  MissingValue:=:
  ScaleFactor:=:
  Offset:=:
  Title:=:A priori ozone concentration.
  Units:=:DU
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:OMI-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/O3Profile/Data Fields/O3AprioriError
  volume:=:77768
  _FillValue:=:
  MissingValue:=:
  ScaleFactor:=:
  Offset:=:
  Title:=:Error in the a priori ozone concentration.
  Units:=:%
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:OMI-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/O3Profile/Data Fields/O3Precision
  volume:=:216801
  _FillValue:=:
  MissingValue:=:
  ScaleFactor:=:
  Offset:=:
  Title:=:Ozone concentration precision
  Units:=:%
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:OMI-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/O3Profile/Data Fields/ProcessingQualityFlags
  volume:=:2195
  _FillValue:=:
  MissingValue:=:
  ScaleFactor:=:
  Offset:=:
  Title:=:Processing quality summary flags per pixel
  Units:=:NoUnits
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:OMI-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/O3Profile/Data Fields/ReflectanceCostFunction
  volume:=:29826
  _FillValue:=:
  MissingValue:=:
  ScaleFactor:=:
  Offset:=:
  Title:=:Reflectance Cost function of fit
  Units:=:NoUnits
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:OMI-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/O3Profile/Data Fields/ResidualsOfFit
  volume:=:683619
  _FillValue:=:
  MissingValue:=:
  ScaleFactor:=:
  Offset:=:
  Title:=:Residual of the fit at selected wavelengths. Relative value.
  Units:=:NoUnits
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:OMI-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/O3Profile/Data Fields/RootMeanSquareErrorOfFit
  volume:=:29366
  _FillValue:=:
  MissingValue:=:
  ScaleFactor:=:
  Offset:=:
  Title:=:Root mean square error of the radiance fit.
  Units:=:NoUnits
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:OMI-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/O3Profile/Data Fields/SO2ColumnAmount
  volume:=:740
  _FillValue:=:
  MissingValue:=:
  ScaleFactor:=:
  Offset:=:
  Title:=:Total column amount SO2
  Units:=:molecules/cm2
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:OMI-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/O3Profile/Data Fields/SmallPixelRadiance
  volume:=:135483
  _FillValue:=:
  MissingValue:=:
  ScaleFactor:=:
  Offset:=:
  Title:=:Radiance of small pixel data column.
  Units:=:photons/(s.nm.cm^2.sr)
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:OMI-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/O3Profile/Data Fields/SmallPixelRadiancePointer
  volume:=:816
  _FillValue:=:
  MissingValue:=:
  ScaleFactor:=:
  Offset:=:
  Title:=:Offset and count of nTimesSmallPixel wrt nTimes.
  Units:=:NoUnits
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:OMI-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/O3Profile/Data Fields/SmallPixelRadianceVariance
  volume:=:34971
  _FillValue:=:
  MissingValue:=:
  ScaleFactor:=:
  Offset:=:
  Title:=:Standard deviation of small pixel radiance
  Units:=:NoUnits
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:OMI-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/O3Profile/Data Fields/StateCostFunction
  volume:=:31241
  _FillValue:=:
  MissingValue:=:
  ScaleFactor:=:
  Offset:=:
  Title:=:State Vector Cost function of fit
  Units:=:NoUnits
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:OMI-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/O3Profile/Data Fields/StateVectorSpecies
  volume:=:3851
  _FillValue:=:
  MissingValue:=:
  ScaleFactor:=:
  Offset:=:
  Title:=:Number of fitted elements per species: 0: O3, 1: NO2, 2: SO2, 3: Aerosol optical thickness, 4: Surface albedo, 5: Cloud albedo, 6: Straylight parameters
  Units:=:NoUnits
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:OMI-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/O3Profile/Data Fields/Temperature
  volume:=:164884
  _FillValue:=:
  MissingValue:=:
  ScaleFactor:=:
  Offset:=:
  Title:=:Temperature of the layers
  Units:=:Kelvin
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:OMI-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/O3Profile/Data Fields/TerrainReflectivityUV1
  volume:=:8695
  _FillValue:=:
  MissingValue:=:
  ScaleFactor:=:
  Offset:=:
  Title:=:Terrain reflectivity or surface albedo channel UV-1
  Units:=:NoUnits
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:OMI-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/O3Profile/Data Fields/TerrainReflectivityUV2
  volume:=:8486
  _FillValue:=:
  MissingValue:=:
  ScaleFactor:=:
  Offset:=:
  Title:=:Terrain reflectivity or surface albedo channel UV-2
  Units:=:NoUnits
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:OMI-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/O3Profile/Geolocation Fields/Altitude
  volume:=:440088
  _FillValue:=:
  MissingValue:=:
  ScaleFactor:=:
  Offset:=:
  Title:=:Altitude of the levels of the vertical grid
  Units:=:km
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:OMI-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/O3Profile/Geolocation Fields/GroundPixelQualityFlags
  volume:=:3405
  _FillValue:=:
  MissingValue:=:
  ScaleFactor:=:
  Offset:=:
  Title:=:Quality flags for ground pixels
  Units:=:NoUnits
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:OMI-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/O3Profile/Geolocation Fields/Latitude
  volume:=:34254
  _FillValue:=:
  MissingValue:=:
  ScaleFactor:=:
  Offset:=:
  Title:=:Latitude of the center of the groundpixel
  Units:=:deg
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:Aura-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/O3Profile/Geolocation Fields/Longitude
  volume:=:33819
  _FillValue:=:
  MissingValue:=:
  ScaleFactor:=:
  Offset:=:
  Title:=:Longitude of the center of the groundpixel
  Units:=:deg
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:Aura-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/O3Profile/Geolocation Fields/Pressure
  volume:=:49038
  _FillValue:=:
  MissingValue:=:
  ScaleFactor:=:
  Offset:=:
  Title:=:Pressure at which the profile is given
  Units:=:hPa
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:OMI-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/O3Profile/Geolocation Fields/SolarAzimuthAngle
  volume:=:17325
  _FillValue:=:
  MissingValue:=:
  ScaleFactor:=:
  Offset:=:
  Title:=:Solar azimuth angle at WGS84 ellipsoid for center co-ordinate of the ground pixel, defined East-of-North
  Units:=:deg
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:OMI-TES-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/O3Profile/Geolocation Fields/SolarZenithAngle
  volume:=:16248
  _FillValue:=:
  MissingValue:=:
  ScaleFactor:=:
  Offset:=:
  Title:=:Solar zenith angle at WGS84 ellipsoid for center co-ordinate of the ground pixel
  Units:=:deg
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:Aura-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/O3Profile/Geolocation Fields/SpacecraftAltitude
  volume:=:1324
  _FillValue:=:
  MissingValue:=:
  ScaleFactor:=:
  Offset:=:
  Title:=:Altitude above WGS84 ellipsoid
  Units:=:m
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-OMI-TES-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/O3Profile/Geolocation Fields/SpacecraftLatitude
  volume:=:1418
  _FillValue:=:
  MissingValue:=:
  ScaleFactor:=:
  Offset:=:
  Title:=:Geodetic Latitude above WGS84 ellipsoid
  Units:=:deg
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-OMI-TES-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/O3Profile/Geolocation Fields/SpacecraftLongitude
  volume:=:1405
  _FillValue:=:
  MissingValue:=:
  ScaleFactor:=:
  Offset:=:
  Title:=:Geodetic Longitude above WGS84 ellipsoid
  Units:=:deg
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRDLS-OMI-TES-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/O3Profile/Geolocation Fields/TerrainHeight
  volume:=:3290
  _FillValue:=:
  MissingValue:=:
  ScaleFactor:=:
  Offset:=:
  Title:=:Terrain height for center co-ordinate of the ground pixel
  Units:=:m
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:OMI-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/O3Profile/Geolocation Fields/Time
  volume:=:1984
  _FillValue:=:
  MissingValue:=:
  ScaleFactor:=:
  Offset:=:
  Title:=:Time at Start of Scan (s, TAI93)
  Units:=:s
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:Aura-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/O3Profile/Geolocation Fields/ViewingAzimuthAngle
  volume:=:17412
  _FillValue:=:
  MissingValue:=:
  ScaleFactor:=:
  Offset:=:
  Title:=:Viewing azimuth angle at WGS84 ellipsoid for center co-ordinate of the ground pixel, defined East-of-North
  Units:=:deg
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:OMI-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/O3Profile/Geolocation Fields/ViewingZenithAngle
  volume:=:3995
  _FillValue:=:
  MissingValue:=:
  ScaleFactor:=:
  Offset:=:
  Title:=:Viewing zenith angle at WGS84 ellipsoid for center co-ordinate of the ground pixel
  Units:=:deg
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:OMI-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS INFORMATION/ArchiveMetadata.0
  volume:=:65535
variable:=:/HDFEOS INFORMATION/CoreMetadata.0
  volume:=:65535
variable:=:/HDFEOS INFORMATION/StructMetadata.0
  volume:=:32000
