variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/ColumnAmountAerosol (60x557x4)/Data Fields/AerosolIndexUV
  volume:=:180580
  _FillValue:=:
  MissingValue:=:
  ScaleFactor:=:
  Offset:=:
  Title:=:UV Aerosol Index
  Units:=:NoUnits
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:OMI-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/ColumnAmountAerosol (60x557x4)/Data Fields/AerosolIndexVIS
  volume:=:193518
  _FillValue:=:
  MissingValue:=:
  ScaleFactor:=:
  Offset:=:
  Title:=:VIS Aerosol Index
  Units:=:NoUnits
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:OMI-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/ColumnAmountAerosol (60x557x4)/Data Fields/AerosolModelMW
  volume:=:37519
  _FillValue:=:
  MissingValue:=:
  ScaleFactor:=:
  Offset:=:
  Title:=:Aerosol model indicator for best fit aerosol model derived with the Multi-Wavelength method
  Units:=:NoUnits
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:OMI-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/ColumnAmountAerosol (60x557x4)/Data Fields/AerosolModelsPassedThreshold
  volume:=:222731
  _FillValue:=:
  MissingValue:=:
  ScaleFactor:=:
  Offset:=:
  Title:=:Ids of the aerosol models that passed the threshold test, ordered by increasing Root-Mean-Square error
  Units:=:NoUnits
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:OMI-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/ColumnAmountAerosol (60x557x4)/Data Fields/AerosolOpticalThicknessMW
  volume:=:927182
  _FillValue:=:
  MissingValue:=:
  ScaleFactor:=:
  Offset:=:
  Title:=:Spectral Aerosol Optical Thickness for best fit aerosol model derived with the Multi-Wavelength method, scaled by a factor 1000
  Units:=:NoUnits
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:OMI-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/ColumnAmountAerosol (60x557x4)/Data Fields/AerosolOpticalThicknessMWPrecision
  volume:=:55603
  _FillValue:=:
  MissingValue:=:
  ScaleFactor:=:
  Offset:=:
  Title:=:Precision of the spectral Aerosol Optical Thickness at the reference wavelength for best fit aerosol model derived with the Multi-Wavelength method, scaled by a factor 1000
  Units:=:NoUnits
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:OMI-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/ColumnAmountAerosol (60x557x4)/Data Fields/AerosolOpticalThicknessNUV
  volume:=:42744
  _FillValue:=:
  MissingValue:=:
  ScaleFactor:=:
  Offset:=:
  Title:=:Spectral Aerosol Optical Thickness derived with the Near UV method, scaled by a factor 1000
  Units:=:NoUnits
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:OMI-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/ColumnAmountAerosol (60x557x4)/Data Fields/AerosolOpticalThicknessPassedThreshold
  volume:=:2245447
  _FillValue:=:
  MissingValue:=:
  ScaleFactor:=:
  Offset:=:
  Title:=:Spectral Aerosol Optical Thickness of aerosol models that passed the threshold, ordered by increasing RMS error, scaled by a factor 1000
  Units:=:NoUnits
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:OMI-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/ColumnAmountAerosol (60x557x4)/Data Fields/AerosolOpticalThicknessPassedThresholdMean
  volume:=:333278
  _FillValue:=:
  MissingValue:=:
  ScaleFactor:=:
  Offset:=:
  Title:=:Mean spectral Aerosol Optical Thickness of aerosol models that passed the threshold.Scaled by a factor 1000.
  Units:=:NoUnits
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:OMI-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/ColumnAmountAerosol (60x557x4)/Data Fields/AerosolOpticalThicknessPassedThresholdStd
  volume:=:283832
  _FillValue:=:
  MissingValue:=:
  ScaleFactor:=:
  Offset:=:
  Title:=:Standard deviation of the spectral Single  ScatteringAlbedo ss of aerosol models that passed the threshold.Scaled by a factor 1000.
  Units:=:NoUnits
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:OMI-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/ColumnAmountAerosol (60x557x4)/Data Fields/CloudFlags
  volume:=:45945
  _FillValue:=:
  MissingValue:=:
  ScaleFactor:=:
  Offset:=:
  Title:=:Cloud Quality Flags
  Units:=:NoUnits
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:OMI-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/ColumnAmountAerosol (60x557x4)/Data Fields/CloudPressure
  volume:=:27871
  _FillValue:=:
  MissingValue:=:
  ScaleFactor:=:
  Offset:=:
  Title:=:Effective Cloud Pressure
  Units:=:hPa
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:OMI-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/ColumnAmountAerosol (60x557x4)/Data Fields/EffectiveCloudFraction
  volume:=:22246
  _FillValue:=:
  MissingValue:=:
  ScaleFactor:=:
  Offset:=:
  Title:=:Effective cloud fraction channel, scaled by a factor 1000
  Units:=:NoUnits
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:OMI-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/ColumnAmountAerosol (60x557x4)/Data Fields/InstrumentConfigurationId
  volume:=:14796
  _FillValue:=:
  MissingValue:=:
  ScaleFactor:=:
  Offset:=:
  Title:=:Unique ID for instrument settings for current measurement
  Units:=:NoUnits
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:OMI-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/ColumnAmountAerosol (60x557x4)/Data Fields/MeasurementQualityFlags
  volume:=:14796
  _FillValue:=:
  MissingValue:=:
  ScaleFactor:=:
  Offset:=:
  Title:=:Quality Flags on Measurement Level
  Units:=:NoUnits
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:OMI-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/ColumnAmountAerosol (60x557x4)/Data Fields/NumberOfModelsPassedThreshold
  volume:=:35721
  _FillValue:=:
  MissingValue:=:
  ScaleFactor:=:
  Offset:=:
  Title:=:Number of aerosol models that passed the threshold test
  Units:=:NoUnits
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:OMI-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/ColumnAmountAerosol (60x557x4)/Data Fields/ProcessingQualityFlagsMW
  volume:=:47869
  _FillValue:=:
  MissingValue:=:
  ScaleFactor:=:
  Offset:=:
  Title:=:Quality Flags on Pixel Level for the Multi-Wavelength method
  Units:=:NoUnits
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:OMI-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/ColumnAmountAerosol (60x557x4)/Data Fields/ProcessingQualityFlagsNUV
  volume:=:41118
  _FillValue:=:
  MissingValue:=:
  ScaleFactor:=:
  Offset:=:
  Title:=:Quality Flags on Pixel Level for the Near UV method
  Units:=:NoUnits
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:OMI-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/ColumnAmountAerosol (60x557x4)/Data Fields/RootMeanSquareErrorOfFitPassedThreshold
  volume:=:245285
  _FillValue:=:
  MissingValue:=:
  ScaleFactor:=:
  Offset:=:
  Title:=:Root-Mean-Square error of the multi-wavelength fit for aerosol models that passed the threshold ordered by increasing RMS error, scaled by a factor 10000
  Units:=:NoUnits
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:OMI-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/ColumnAmountAerosol (60x557x4)/Data Fields/SingleScatteringAlbedoMW
  volume:=:507406
  _FillValue:=:
  MissingValue:=:
  ScaleFactor:=:
  Offset:=:
  Title:=:Spectral Single Scattering Albedo for best fit aerosol model derived with the Multi-Wavelength method, scaled by a factor 1000
  Units:=:NoUnits
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:OMI-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/ColumnAmountAerosol (60x557x4)/Data Fields/SingleScatteringAlbedoMWPrecision
  volume:=:21372
  _FillValue:=:
  MissingValue:=:
  ScaleFactor:=:
  Offset:=:
  Title:=:Precision of the spectral Single Scattering Albedo at the reference wavelength for best fit aerosol model derived with the Multi-Wavelength method, scaled by a factor 1000
  Units:=:NoUnits
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:OMI-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/ColumnAmountAerosol (60x557x4)/Data Fields/SingleScatteringAlbedoNUV
  volume:=:42744
  _FillValue:=:
  MissingValue:=:
  ScaleFactor:=:
  Offset:=:
  Title:=:Spectral Single Scattering Albedo derived with the Near UV method, scaled by a factor 1000
  Units:=:NoUnits
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:OMI-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/ColumnAmountAerosol (60x557x4)/Data Fields/SingleScatteringAlbedoPassedThreshold
  volume:=:2129246
  _FillValue:=:
  MissingValue:=:
  ScaleFactor:=:
  Offset:=:
  Title:=:Spectral Single Scattering Albedo of aerosol models that passed the threshold, ordered by increasing RMS error, scaled by a factor 1000
  Units:=:NoUnits
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:OMI-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/ColumnAmountAerosol (60x557x4)/Data Fields/SingleScatteringAlbedoPassedThresholdMean
  volume:=:276061
  _FillValue:=:
  MissingValue:=:
  ScaleFactor:=:
  Offset:=:
  Title:=:Mean spectral Aerosol Optical Thickness of aerosol models that passed the threshold.Scaled by a factor 1000.
  Units:=:NoUnits
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:OMI-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/ColumnAmountAerosol (60x557x4)/Data Fields/SingleScatteringAlbedoPassedThresholdStd
  volume:=:266527
  _FillValue:=:
  MissingValue:=:
  ScaleFactor:=:
  Offset:=:
  Title:=:Standard deviation of the spectral Single  ScatteringAlbedo of aerosol models that passed the threshold.Scaled by a factor 1000.
  Units:=:NoUnits
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:OMI-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/ColumnAmountAerosol (60x557x4)/Data Fields/SmallPixelRadiancePointerUV
  volume:=:19728
  _FillValue:=:
  MissingValue:=:
  ScaleFactor:=:
  Offset:=:
  Title:=:Offset and count of nTimesSmallPixeUVl wrt nTimes
  Units:=:NoUnits
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:OMI-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/ColumnAmountAerosol (60x557x4)/Data Fields/SmallPixelRadiancePointerVIS
  volume:=:19728
  _FillValue:=:
  MissingValue:=:
  ScaleFactor:=:
  Offset:=:
  Title:=:Offset and count of nTimesSmallPixelVIS wrt nTimes
  Units:=:NoUnits
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:OMI-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/ColumnAmountAerosol (60x557x4)/Data Fields/SmallPixelRadianceUV
  volume:=:2062924
  _FillValue:=:
  MissingValue:=:
  ScaleFactor:=:
  Offset:=:
  Title:=:Radiance of small pixel data column of the UV CCD
  Units:=:photons/ (s.nm.cm^2.sr)
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:OMI-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/ColumnAmountAerosol (60x557x4)/Data Fields/SmallPixelRadianceVIS
  volume:=:2062924
  _FillValue:=:
  MissingValue:=:
  ScaleFactor:=:
  Offset:=:
  Title:=:Radiance of small pixel data column of the VIS CCD
  Units:=:photons/ (s.nm.cm^2.sr)
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:OMI-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/ColumnAmountAerosol (60x557x4)/Data Fields/SmallPixelWavelengthUV
  volume:=:108100
  _FillValue:=:
  MissingValue:=:
  ScaleFactor:=:
  Offset:=:
  Title:=:Wavelength of the small pixel data for the UV CCD
  Units:=:nm
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:OMI-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/ColumnAmountAerosol (60x557x4)/Data Fields/SmallPixelWavelengthVIS
  volume:=:125065
  _FillValue:=:
  MissingValue:=:
  ScaleFactor:=:
  Offset:=:
  Title:=:Wavelength of the small pixel data for the VIS CCD
  Units:=:nm
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:OMI-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/ColumnAmountAerosol (60x557x4)/Data Fields/TerrainPressure
  volume:=:82488
  _FillValue:=:
  MissingValue:=:
  ScaleFactor:=:
  Offset:=:
  Title:=:Pressure of the centre of the ground pixel
  Units:=:hPa
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:OMI-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/ColumnAmountAerosol (60x557x4)/Data Fields/TerrainReflectivity
  volume:=:855385
  _FillValue:=:
  MissingValue:=:
  ScaleFactor:=:
  Offset:=:
  Title:=:Reflectivity of the ground pixel, scaled by a factor 1000
  Units:=:NoUnits
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:OMI-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/ColumnAmountAerosol (60x557x4)/Data Fields/XTrackQualityFlags
  volume:=:19728
  _FillValue:=:
  MissingValue:=:
  ScaleFactor:=:
  Offset:=:
  Title:=:Across Track Quality Flags
  Units:=:NoUnits
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:OMI-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/ColumnAmountAerosol (60x557x4)/Geolocation Fields/GroundPixelQualityFlags
  volume:=:39408
  _FillValue:=:
  MissingValue:=:
  ScaleFactor:=:
  Offset:=:
  Title:=:Groundpixel quality flags
  Units:=:NoUnits
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:OMI-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/ColumnAmountAerosol (60x557x4)/Geolocation Fields/Latitude
  volume:=:395284
  _FillValue:=:
  MissingValue:=:
  ScaleFactor:=:
  Offset:=:
  Title:=:Latitude of the center of the groundpixel
  Units:=:deg
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:Aura-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/ColumnAmountAerosol (60x557x4)/Geolocation Fields/Longitude
  volume:=:407195
  _FillValue:=:
  MissingValue:=:
  ScaleFactor:=:
  Offset:=:
  Title:=:Longitude of the center of the groundpixel
  Units:=:deg
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:Aura-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/ColumnAmountAerosol (60x557x4)/Geolocation Fields/OrbitPhase
  volume:=:19728
  _FillValue:=:
  MissingValue:=:
  ScaleFactor:=:
  Offset:=:
  Title:=:The place of OMI in orbit
  Units:=:NoUnits
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:OMI-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/ColumnAmountAerosol (60x557x4)/Geolocation Fields/SolarAzimuthAngle
  volume:=:393069
  _FillValue:=:
  MissingValue:=:
  ScaleFactor:=:
  Offset:=:
  Title:=:Solar azimuth angle at WGS84 ellipsoid for center co-ordinate of the ground pixel, defined East-of-North
  Units:=:deg
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:OMI-TES-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/ColumnAmountAerosol (60x557x4)/Geolocation Fields/SolarZenithAngle
  volume:=:401016
  _FillValue:=:
  MissingValue:=:
  ScaleFactor:=:
  Offset:=:
  Title:=:Solar zenith angle at WGS84 ellipsoid for center co-ordinate of the ground pixel
  Units:=:deg
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:Aura-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/ColumnAmountAerosol (60x557x4)/Geolocation Fields/SpacecraftAltitude
  volume:=:19728
  _FillValue:=:
  MissingValue:=:
  ScaleFactor:=:
  Offset:=:
  Title:=:Altitude above WGS84 ellipsoid
  Units:=:m
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRLDS-OMI-TES-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/ColumnAmountAerosol (60x557x4)/Geolocation Fields/SpacecraftLatitude
  volume:=:19728
  _FillValue:=:
  MissingValue:=:
  ScaleFactor:=:
  Offset:=:
  Title:=:Geodetic Latitude above WGS84 ellipsoid
  Units:=:deg
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRLDS-OMI-TES-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/ColumnAmountAerosol (60x557x4)/Geolocation Fields/SpacecraftLongitude
  volume:=:19728
  _FillValue:=:
  MissingValue:=:
  ScaleFactor:=:
  Offset:=:
  Title:=:Geodetic Longitude above WGS84 ellipsoid
  Units:=:deg
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:HIRLDS-OMI-TES-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/ColumnAmountAerosol (60x557x4)/Geolocation Fields/TerrainHeight
  volume:=:102646
  _FillValue:=:
  MissingValue:=:
  ScaleFactor:=:
  Offset:=:
  Title:=:Terrain height at for center co-ordinate of the ground pixel
  Units:=:m
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:OMI-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/ColumnAmountAerosol (60x557x4)/Geolocation Fields/Time
  volume:=:26304
  _FillValue:=:
  MissingValue:=:
  ScaleFactor:=:
  Offset:=:
  Title:=:Time in TAI-93 format
  Units:=:s
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:Aura-Shared
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/ColumnAmountAerosol (60x557x4)/Geolocation Fields/ViewingAzimuthAngle
  volume:=:410219
  _FillValue:=:
  MissingValue:=:
  ScaleFactor:=:
  Offset:=:
  Title:=:Viewing azimuth angle at WGS84 ellipsoid for center co-ordinate of the ground pixel, defined Eastof-North
  Units:=:deg
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:OMI-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS/SWATHS/ColumnAmountAerosol (60x557x4)/Geolocation Fields/ViewingZenithAngle
  volume:=:412644
  _FillValue:=:
  MissingValue:=:
  ScaleFactor:=:
  Offset:=:
  Title:=:Viewing zenith angle at WGS84 ellipsoid for center co-ordinate of the ground pixel
  Units:=:deg
  UniqueFieldDefinition:=:OMI-Specific
variable:=:/HDFEOS INFORMATION/ArchiveMetadata.0
  volume:=:65535
variable:=:/HDFEOS INFORMATION/CoreMetadata.0
  volume:=:65535
variable:=:/HDFEOS INFORMATION/StructMetadata.0
  volume:=:32000
